You definitely shouldn't make those noises and start off a podcast,
Tom Papa that, what are you doing? You freaking be blind if, do you know what,
what is it called? PSM are. Do you know what that is? Yeah.
Like when you like you go like certain sounds. If you find them soothing,
I don't think that's one of them.
That this is what I use to drive my kids crazy. I say it's Mac and cheese.
It's a spoon and Mac and cheese.
Oh my God. My Dad was funny professionally. This is ridiculous.
You're probably thinking this is crazy. My younger,
my younger one who's like comedian funny. This is her things.
She is so,
she doesn't care about parents or what we're doing or she's just out for
herself. Whenever I make a joke around the house.
She that I think is funny. She just goes, Huh? Jokes.
How old is she? 14 that's hilarious.
[inaudible] comic is she? Yeah, she could be. Wow. She definitely could be.
You have a healthy household. It is healthy.
That doesn't seem like a good recipe for comedy. Uh, right. Yeah.
Well you know, it takes all kinds. It does take all kinds, you know?
Have you met anybody that came from a good childhood? That's really funny. Me.
You? Yeah. Really? I'm pretty funny. You're very funny.
But you came from no problems at all. I think every kid,
did you move around a lot? Oh,
I moved once one town over and traumatize me in third grade. Third Grade.
Yeah. I still can't, I'm still not over it. But I think that everybody has,
I think, I think as a child, even if it's not real heavy stuff,
it feels heavy to you. You know what I mean?
Like my father was super strict and like, you know,
spanked us and stuff and I was like this nervous. Oh, you know what I mean?
And so I think you can grow up pretty normal and be pretty funny.
You know? It's like a, there's a line with kids.
It's like you don't want to be mad at them,
but you can't let them get away with too much. Yeah. So you have to go, hey,
hey seriously, stop screaming at me. Stop this. Yeah. Like you can't do this.
Like, cause every now and then they'll, they'll test it totally.
Cause they fight amongst each other. Like I've dark, they're two years apart.
They'll fight amongst each other. That's what I,
every now and then they'll turn it on you and you're like, Hey, Yay,
I'm wearing your pants. Yeah, I'm the good guy. No it is,
it is a weird thing.
Especially when you know how you were as a kid and you know,
we've got daughters and I'm probably,
they're probably similar that where they're not as Nutso as we were when we were
little.
But you still have to bring the hammer down even though you think it's kind of
funny or you think it's not that big a deal. You have to,
you have to lay down the law.
Even if you don't feel it,
you have to enforce some guidelines and then you have to communicate about why
those guidelines exist. Yet I didn't get enough of,
I think when I was a kid is communication about why those guidelines exist.
Because in the moment the kids knock
it, internalize it, they're going to be mad. I want him to do this.
And I wanted to do that and they just have it in their head.
I want to play one more game. Why can't I just pay, what am I again?
They'll just get freaked out. But this what we heard was because I said so. Yes,
exactly. There was no reason there was nothing behind. Yeah. Just go to bed.
Why it's seven o'clock? Because I should show. All right. Yeah.
Well we don't put parameters on play though. Like as much we put parameters on,
you only have a certain amount of television time,
certain amount of video game time. But as far as like play, play,
like doing stuff like playing in the pool or do another,
like I don't feel like there's any that you could play in the pool all day.
All Day. Yeah. I'm happy for it, isn't it? It's interesting, right? Yeah.
Oh yeah, no. Yeah. Cause it's, and it's probably,
they're learning more from that than anything else that they would rather just
purely play. All play is not considered equal.
Like play when you're sedentary in front of a video screen and you're playing
some silly video game and you're just sitting there and you're just your brain
up to be physical. But it'd be out to be doing something.
But they do have this one game that I'll let them play for a long time.
It's this crazy dance game. Oh yeah. Dance Revolution.
I don't know what it's called, but they dance. They men's thing.
They dance to a, what's her face? Crazy. What's crazy face. Oops,
I did it again. Britney spears. They danced it, you better work bitch.
You want a Maserati? You better work your work passion, their journey.
They're dancing. It's hilarious.
But that's an exercise like have you done it with them? Yes. It's fun.
You have to, I've only done honestly a couple of times.
They probably played it a million times, but um,
you have to coordinate your movements to mirror the person on the screen.
But my instincts are to like, to not mirror, but to, to do what he's doing.
If his right arms going up my right growing up.
Cause like that's how you get taught in martial arts.
I'm not sure if I'm supposed to be doing that or if I'm supposed to be just
mirroring him.
Like when he lifts up his right arm and my supposed to live up my left arm
because that's, that's the one that faces me.
Is that how you're supposed to know you do whatever you see. Yeah.
But you then you have to try. You have to switch it over in your head.
Why don't you show you that arm? Okay, we'll go with you. We'll do this. Well,
it seems like, well you shouldn't be that good option. It's with your children.
You should be the only way I'm going to do it seems like it would be easier for
all involved if he just had the mirror not do the same exact side of their body.
Is your body. I don't know. I've not,
I've never gotten that deep because I've done it and then quickly became
exhausted and just pretend that I thought it was stupid so I could lay down.
Well, it's critical in martial arts that you, uh,
like if you're learning something,
if you prefer a spiritually kickboxing for most fighters,
most fighters have one good side and one side that they're not so good at.
Right. And I'm like the really great fighters,
like one of the best in the world. Today's Terrence Crawford.
And one of the things about him is he can fight equally well from southpaw or
from Orthodox. Really just stance y'all. Yeah, he'll, he'll whatever he wants.
Wow. He just fucks people up.
He doesn't everyone he fights really top shelf competition too. And he's just,
he's so technical and so, so clever at figuring people out.
But I think he has a giant advantage and that he literally as as good a southpaw
as he is an orthodox.
Like he can box the best boxers in the world orthodox and then just switch up
southpaw on them. And there's, you know,
he might be like a little better as a southpaw, but God damn, it's so clear.
It might, it might also be, Gee, he's a fucking their head up.
Cause they thought him one way and then he switched his stance and starts
fucking them up the other way. Is He born that way? No, no. It's a learn thing.
My point would be if you had a south part instructor and he was teaching you and
you were mirroring him, it would be weird. Right, right, right. You know,
if someone's teaching you something,
you want to see how their body's doing it and and mimic their movements.
You want to see it and mimic their movements. Right.
You don't want to mirror it. It would be too confusing. Yeah.
Which is interesting because it seems like the mirror room worked better if it
was the stupid video game, you know, cause like lift your arm up,
kick boxing or any, I think any martial arts style,
no, it's messed you up. You can't be a good dance revolutionary.
Someone's got to walk you through it too. Dance, dance, revolutionary.
I'm probably doing everything wrong. Probably risking all the joints.
Like there's certain moods,
you know who could dance like really dance for him for him. Do you know for him?
Anwar, you don't know him from the store? He's coming on Xeon tomorrow.
Him Tomorrow. He's hilarious. Really Funny Guy.
But his Instagram is filled with him dancing. Oh really? Yeah,
he me but he dances really good. Yeah. And I was watching this and I got,
um, I got a little self conscious watching this. I was like,
I don't think I could do any of this and if I had to do this, like watch,
watch him dance. I was like,
if I had to do this I would get so self conscious that I was doing this.
Like look, he's really good. Yeah. There is.
I made a new year's resolution this year that I was going to dance more
and uh, I haven't done it because of the same thing. I come,
I always feel like someone, Carolee for one said to me,
you look like a guy who's never danced in his life. And I was like,
do you mean I've got some flow? Carol legals. She's fucking Hawaii. Yeah.
She seemed Venice, SAMHSA. Damn. But that first thing I just showed you,
if Fortnite took a video from his that was six years old on his youtube channel
and just put it in the game this last past week. Whoa.
And are charging people money for it. Well,
I don't get anybody making any money, most likely.
Now this has happened over and over to people with their dances.
Look how good he did. Great. That's really funny too.
I can't deal the funny guy. Super Cool guy too. He's filled with joy.
Obviously you're not,
you're not like an asshole if you're dance like that could point. Right.
That's a happy, that's a happy fellow. That's a happy felon. He's super,
Super Nice Guy. Super Smart Guy Out. Cool. He had some sort of a technical job,
didn't he? Wasn't he like on, we'll figure it out. Someone,
someone told me he had some very, uh,
intellectually strenuous job and then decided to bail on that to be a comedian.
Which makes sense. That's interesting. I hope that's true story.
You never know with people, man. I know, you know, I know. I, uh,
I, uh, I think that we probably could take a dance class together.
Dude. I don't want to learn how to dance like that.
I'm worried about my wife can really move, have a meniscus issue. Oh yeah.
What's that tour or something to my meniscus. What's the meniscus in your knee?
Padding in between your knee in between your bones tore it. Yeah.
Not that bad.
Like it's a little tear and I've been trying to deal with it without surgery.
With stem cells. Oh boy. But the problem is I like kicking things.
You were thinking to favorite things, making things.
It's hard for me to not kick things for a long time. And when I,
when I don't kick things, I just don't feel as good. We all have our things.
Some people dance, some people kick things.
I feel good when I hit that fucking bag. I like to smoke weed.
I smoke like two or three hits.
I get to the state of mind where I'm just,
I just feel like my tendance,
I feel my muscles and my bones and then I just like to fucking zone out.
I'll put on some led Zeppelin or something like that. [inaudible]
ah,
then I'll just stop. Just going off on the back bow and it becomes like,
you feel like you're a,
like you're just riding like a wave of movement, right?
You're not even thinking about it.
You're not thinking about anything other than making sure that you don't do
anything stupid in terms of like launching a strike when the bag's in the wrong
place where you could jam yourself or hurt yourself.
So it's like you just flown around the bag and it just like,
you don't even have through a kid at your hardest. It's more like you're,
you're in there like a dance and you're expressing yourself with the movements.
But is there an age where that becomes like,
I'm going to start tearing stuff a lot? No,
just turn 52 I think it's about 51 yeah, it might be time. Sure.
There's definitely trade on Yoga. I love the yoga too is good,
but it probably doesn't give you the same rush. It's a different rush.
You're all booked. They're both great rushes though. Yoga is a great rush.
Yoga is great.
The thing about the hitting things though that it like leaves nothing.
No violence in you. I talked to, I don't know if that's real or if that's just,
I've been doing it so long that it's just a normal part of my life when I don't
do it. I'm like a baby and I want, I want, I want no,
no aggression juice left in my body. I want to pound it all out.
Nothing pounds it all out. Like hitting the bag.
You just straightens your brain out. Yeah. It's more of a mellow thing.
It's put, it straightens you out more without like indulging you.
You know what I'm saying? Like if you were, um, it's,
it's like food, right? It's like if you were addicted to something,
if you are doing it so often that just, you just needed to gorge,
that's all you did. But you just kept getting fat because of that. Yeah.
You'd have to stop in and you would realize you'd have this urge to gorge.
Right. So I always wonder like, when I want to do it,
is that like my urge to gorge?
Like do I just want to con go fucking crazy and be self-indulgent?
Is that what it is or is it,
is it that I'm really recognizing that there's a need that people have to have
some explosive movements and that if you get rid of the that need,
whether for me it's running up hills is a big one.
It's one of the reasons why I like it.
It's challenging and it leaves me completely spent and I feel like I'm a nicer
person. I feel like I feel nicer. I feel I want to be nicer to people.
So that's not an aggressive hitting thing though. But it's explosive.
It's just wow, cause you going up this fucking hill there.
They're heavy hills out here.
Would you feel the wrong way getting off of a treadmill or a no.
Or like when you do the elliptical? Yeah. That's great. I mean that feels great.
But m d there's something about an actual physical hill that's outside in
nature. You feel like, what if something was chasing me cause I get away.
How long could I do this for? What if I have to catch somebody?
How could I get them? Like, what if, you know, what if, you know,
horrible things happen if I don't reach the top of this hill.
Yeah. When I always loved running through the woods. Ooh, scary.
But it's exciting. There's something primal about it. There's something more,
uh, there's more at play than just I'm just running down the street.
But I think that, uh, I, I think to write something down or I'm gonna Forget it.
I think I have this thing about the woods that I keep forgetting to do.
I think that, uh,
it's what you're describing and like having the kick is equated to stand up.
It's like I'm no longer the same person when I'm not doing stand up for several
days. And I think it's because I learned it.
I created this addiction.
I created this thing that I no longer am, uh, the same person without it.
It became a junkie. Yeah. Yeah. We're for, we're all for sure laugh junkies.
I think we are so lucky that regular people don't know what it feels like to get
a big laugh yet where they would do it.
It would be no one to do any other job. It'd be like,
fuck these other jobs I want to kill.
Yeah.
I think about that every time I walk through Vegas and you see all these people
like drinking and at the tables and they're trying to get a rush of trying to
get something and you walk around with this secret in your mind that like,
I'm getting something so much more potent than you're going to get out here just
from being on stuff.
Joey Diaz did this bit the other night in the,
in the original room and it was so hilarious and it was really fresh and you
could tell cause it was making him laugh and he was laughing. He was, he,
you know, Joey's got [inaudible],
he's fucking dying laughing and I'm in the back of the room. I'm like,
you can't get any happier than that. That just happy as a person can get. Oh,
I can. In that those bursts of moments of like the love of your children,
that is as happy as you can ever get a new line and clip wordings.
The love family, love people you care about. That's
the only thing that eclipses, yeah, no you're right. But everybody can get that.
Everybody get the family loan so everybody can get the best kind of love. Yes.
But it all takes work. But I think that uh, I think when you have,
I mean it can be so small too.
It could be like one line that you added to an old joke that works. Ah,
your whole night is different. Yup. Your whole drive home is like, yes.
Where if you don't try something and you just kind of go through it and it's not
as satisfying.
So you constantly have to keep pushing to because you need that more potent
brush.
But the other side of it is if I am a set and everything's amazing except one
new line that I tried, that ain't shit. No one knew,
but I will haunt me for days. Yeah. Did I say it that way?
Yeah. Yeah. Idiot.
I know you're managing this weird thing, you know,
like you're acts as this weird thing that you're producing and managing it and
yeah. Oh, constantly. Constantly, constantly. In your head constantly tweaking,
constantly trying to express, trying to,
trying to have something that you think, oh this is,
it's almost like the cocky or you are,
it's so rare when you feel like this is going to be a great one and you bring it
up and it works. Like, you know what I mean? Like it,
it never matches expectations. But if you think like, ah, maybe this'll work.
Those are the, those I love cause they surprise you.
It's like this is funnier than even I thought. Yes, those are interesting.
Right? Well yeah, the set up is actually the funniest part of the joke.
People are dying laughing at something in the set up and you're like, oh yeah,
okay. I said, oh my God, why didn't I see that? Yeah. And then you're like,
yeah, that's funny or funny. Or that's the funnier part of it.
But that's one of the weird things about having to do it in front of people.
Like you have to do it in front of people. There's no other way.
You can't like really practice stand up in a vacuum. Now I know. That's,
I'm so cool. Back to the premise thing. Chris Rock said that to me once.
He said, that's when that's the greatest secret in comedy. He goes, it's the,
it's the setup. That's the real joke. He's at the, the punchline, you know,
that's Kinda icing. But you really, you're,
you're nailing the joke in the setup. Yeah. And if you fuck up a setup,
even if the rest of joke is good,
you always remember that fucked up part of the setup. Yeah.
Why do you say it like that?
Do say that it's such a weird little dance you play with your head.
I'm trying to put it all in line and get all the bits together correctly.
How big was that crowd you played? I saw on Instagram this weekend. Oh,
that was in Portland. Portland, Oregon. It was big. It looked huge.
It was like 10,000 people. Now what does that,
what is that doing to your act and your performance?
You have to slow down a little bit because it's so loud.
Like you have to give them more, a little bit more time because, uh,
I went to see Lewis black once, I didn't run,
I didn't even realize this [inaudible] had actually done theaters already and I
was even doing the very theater that he was in [inaudible] and Joey Diaz
and I were sitting in the back of this, uh,
this big theater that Lewis Black was playing in and we watched him, right.
And he would hit a punchline and all these people around us would be laughing
really loud and then he hit the tag and I couldn't hear the tag cause there were
so many people laughing at the punchline. I was like, oh,
really? Like cemented in my hand. I was like, oh,
this is a whole different feeling for the audience member than a club. Right.
One of the crazy things about like, if you like their original room, right,
or some small room like that, when you, when you hit a punchline,
when everybody's laughing,
you could hit a tag and they're gonna hear it perfectly clearly because there's
not enough people's laughter to overwhelm the sound of the speaker speakers.
On the microphone when there's 10,000 fucking people. Yeah.
You gotta give that one a little bit of air, let it come back.
You've got to give those bits a little more air. Right. You adjust quickly.
But uh, but do you feel, are you happy doing it?
Like do you feel like fun? Cause I,
I'm the only thing close is when I worked with Seinfeld and we did win the Fox
theaters and that was a little over 5,000. Yeah.
And that's the Detroit Fox that started. Uh, it was, no,
it was Atlanta and that started to feel a little out of my control.
How many Fox standards are there by the way? There's the a million of them.
There's Fox, La, Fox St Louis, but it's, yeah,
it was the same cow. Wow. I thought it was just a bunch of people naming their,
their theater the fuck. No, no, no, no, no. It was like 20th Century Fox.
It was like if you decided on the salmon theater, do you own the salmon theater?
Yeah. What can you own salmon? You can own out.
Fuck off. Come on. Like, if you have a band, you'd call your band salmon.
You can't,
you can't name your band after shit that everybody knows the words to or knows.
Uh, knows the like what it is. Right. But part of nature, it just seems weird.
Like it's gotta be like salmon work boots. You can't name you name. You're like,
if you named your beef, Oh, if you had a, you had a band,
you named it beef, you don't own beef beef.
You can't say you can trademark beef. You could be for the name of a band.
It's just such a common name. It's like you can't own it with anything. Think,
you know what I like. So, yeah. But I looked up yesterday, I was online,
I was writing and I looked up fun.
Just w just the word fun somebody owns on and there's a band fun. Okay.
Everything that came up was fun. The band fuck off. You can't have that name,
war war. But that was a long time ago.
That was when they were first making bands. It's got
two full, absolutely nothing dude.
You know. Um, we were, um,
at that shoreline amphitheater and they have all these posters on the wall of
different shows. And one of them was a,
it was Jimmy Hendrix and fuck, what was the other band?
Some other insane band. Oh, Jimmy Hendrix. Fuck
was it? The birds was the birds and another band. But it was,
it was so crazy like looking at this thing like, wow,
like this was a real show that you could have caught back then.
You could have walked into this theater and seen Hendrix to watch Hendrix.
It's crazy that it was right there. I'm like, wow,
that and that night he was there. So they were all in front,
like laughing and joking. Really? Someone snapped this picture slowly,
sometimes a photo and you go, Oh yeah, that's a photo from 1973, no big deal.
And sometimes one hits you and you go, Whoa, that's Ronnie van Zant. Right,
exactly. What do you want?
It was like to be around that guy that's miles Davis talking to Mick Jagger.
Jesus Christ. Yeah.
Like someone was there with a fucking camera when that went down. I know.
It's crazy. So I think that, uh,
so when I back to the Fox thing, how big was it? Five Times.
A little over 5,000 and that's started to seem like something different from
like even like 4,000 seemed like you're still in that club kind of,
you know, theater back and forth. At five it started to feel like, oh, this is,
this is bigger than I can control.
Do you feel like you couldn't control it and 10,000 have a good time. Yeah.
But do you feel like, you know what I mean? Like we did 25,000 in Tacoma.
Did you really? Dave and I did. Yeah. That's crazy. That's crazy.
That's a lot of people. It feels, it feels insane. It has to feel and say,
oh my God, fucking roar of humans. But it's fun. You know?
It's like everybody was there to have a good time.
Like everybody's there for the same reason and people keep it together
remarkably well. If you really stop and think about live events,
like how well people in like, we don't get enough credit.
I know every nutty person who does something crazy.
There's so many people that can keep it together. I know.
It's really unfortunate.
We view people the way we do sometimes because we concentrate on every single
bad thing that happens in the news and yeah,
there's a lot of bad things that happened in the news. But at scale,
if you just have the scale, the scale of people,
I think we're looking at it completely skewed.
I think most people are really fine. Most people are cool.
They are nice, but that's why terrorism works, right?
Because it's so spectacular that it scares the daylights out of everybody.
But I think the same thing, it's like, okay,
so this horrible thing happened on this night,
but think about how many people were out that night.
Think about how many people were filling amphitheaters and arenas and small
shops and small clubs. I mean, in a month, just in America,
millions and everybody's cool. Everyone's getting along.
Everybody's doing the right thing. You're right.
There is definitely a lot of cool people, but it's the, it's the spectacular.
It's like a plane crash, right? There's been plenty,
there hasn't been a major plane crash in the u s in a long time,
but when it happens, it's, oh,
it's so mind blowing because it's something fell from the sky. It's a big deal.
Yeah. It's a bigger deal than a train. A train crash.
It kills the same amount of people.
It doesn't shock us as much now it's on the ground. You know what I mean?
It's like that thing fell from the sky. What happened?
We've all fantasize about how horrible that would be. Oh,
it has a big impact. It has a real big impact. Yeah. No, but that's amazing.
I mean to people there with 25,000 strange likeminded people just out that just
coming to laugh, didn't want to have a good time. That's amazing.
That's the cool thing about, even when you're at the Improv, you know,
or the comedy store, you know,
there's a group of people that comes to have a good time. Yeah.
But there's always, you know,
occasionally someone who's drunk and doesn't get it and they want to yell out
and ruin things.
But most of the clubs in town now are good at getting rid of those people. Yeah.
No, they're really good at it. The vast majority of people are cool. Yes.
But vast majority. Yeah. No, it's great. But it's when someone isn't cool,
it's so disturbing. So we start,
we think about people in that regard. Yeah. You know,
we think about people like, cause uh, no. Yeah. The worst possible scenario.
Like, um, did you see once upon a time in Hollywood I did. So those flower kids,
right, the murderous flower, the Manson kids. That's like worst case scenario.
Sometimes we think about people just on, you know,
just cause that's a possibility. It's such a glaring one,
but it gets a disproportionate amount of energy and interest because for the
most part, most people are super fine. Those people are great.
Most people are friendly.
Most people just want to have a good time in this life, not assholes. Right,
exactly. And even the Manson kids,
there's probably a couple of them that were fun.
I bet there was the girl who took off the girl who was like, Hey,
I'll be right back. Oh yeah. That girl, you know, she did take off. No.
Who is it in real life? Who Do you watch stranger things? Yes.
She's a the um, she's Ethan Hawke and Ooma Thurman's daughter.
What? Yes. Wow. Yes. She was the one in the,
the two worked in the ice cream shop. Oh, that's crazy. Yeah,
that's what I thought you were gonna say. The actual Manson kid didn't take off.
What's on it? The one in real life, you confuse the shit out of everybody.
So sorry. Sorry. Go around. When we were talking about the other day,
that story with the Bruce Lee, that was loosely based in reality.
You had to do with Jean labelle. Oh, Jesus.
Cruz was a stump man on like the Green Hornet or something. Okay.
Well let me tell you, he said it didn't, it wasn't real though.
Let me tell you this thing, because talking from gene, gene was always, I've,
I've known gene for years. He's always super respectful about Bruce Lee,
but he's also, he's okay, let me put it this way.
If that actually did happen that way. If Bruce Lee fought Jean Labelle,
Jean labell would grab ahold to him and obliterate his brain on the concrete 100
out of 100 times. Let me just say that for,
so I'm not talking about the movie and like there was a thing in the movie where
I felt like they made Bruce Lee seem like a, and
I'm like, Ooh, I don't think he was ever really liked that.
This is like kind of an important historical figure for martial arts.
And I get it. It's just a crazy Quentin Tarantino movie and I can get it.
The end of the movie did not. I mean, spoiler,
I don't want to say what happened,
but the make takes liberties for entertainment's sake with a lot of different
things. Yeah. But with that one I was like, Ooh,
I'm just going to have some random dude that,
that you know is a stunt man and Bruce Lee's a buffoon to him and he kicks his
ass on the set. But with that said, yeah, that guy,
if that was a real life event with Jean Labelle and Bruce Lee,
Jean labelle would crush him.
So gene labelle piece of go rilla that would have been him in that scene.
Oh yeah. But it would have been quick. It would have been a different thing.
Man. He's a gorilla. I mean,
he's like a judo champion with a severe arsenal of neck cranks and joint locks
and he is strong like a fucking bear. I mean, dude, in his prime,
he was a tank of a man really far bigger than Bruce Lee.
And obviously he was small. He was a small guy.
But Bruce Lee was an innovator in martial arts. And one of my personal heroes,
he's like the most important early innovator because he was the first guy to
think that you should combine the best elements of all these different styles.
When I was coming up, man,
I was doing taekwondo and you were brainwashed to think that taekwondo was the
best martial art.
Everything else was bullshit and you shouldn't even practice it.
So if I was practicing other stuff,
like I was doing some boxing or I was doing something like I'd get some frowns
from some people. It was like a thing.
And if you were in some schools that were less open-minded than mine, you know,
my school was a little more practical than some of them,
but some of them they would say Kang for death.
Like all they wanted to do is fucking con food.
They're doing this shit in the park and you couldn't say, hey man,
a wrestlers going to grab a hold of you and he's going just pound you into a
fucking tree. And there's not a God damn thing you can do about, there's a geo,
there's Jean Labelle who was, he was, uh,
in a bunch of different movies as a stunt man that looks like Green Horn
friends. So that's,
they were very good friends and he had nothing but good things to say about
Bruce League. But he said he taught Bruce Lee a lot.
Like some of the moves that Bruce Lee, Bruce,
Bruce Lee used an armbar and one of the early scenes in game of death.
That was from Jean Labelle. No, I guarantee you helped him here.
But look at this like if Jean labelle really wanted to grab ahold of Bruce Lee,
Bruce Lee would be unconscious as would I, as with many, many,
many other trained martial artists, not chambers who was a fuck.
I mean Bruce Lee was a fantastic martial artists and like I said,
one of the most innovative guys ever,
we don't even realize how much his style had a gigantic effect on making untold
millions of people sign up for martial arts classes, including me.
And part of it was because he was a movie star, right. He had the looks and the,
and the charisma. Yes.
That allowed him to bring it onto film and show everybody he had everything.
He had philosophy,
he had a deep understanding of all these different martial arts and he had the
courage to try to combine them, which was unheard of at the time.
We got an exercise from a lot of these kung fu like circles.
Where did he learn it? He learned it from a bunch of different places. I mean,
he learned in the books. He learned it in China.
He learned different things from different people. I know he did.
He worked with a lot of different martial artists, including Jean Labelle,
of course, was a, what's Jean labelle's judo, uh,
credentials and I guarantee he was national champion.
I think he was a world champion, but he was a whatever he was,
he's a fucking gorilla. I feel like Kung was more popular earlier.
Well the UFC changed all that shit. Yeah. Yeah. Dan, what is his,
but what is his a competition? Uh, accomplishments. Blue Belt. No
yell about he's, but if that,
that makes sense that they kind of base it on him.
Cause he really was a legendary stunt man as well. Wouldn't that be cool though?
If Tarantino had the inside scoop on that story?
Maybe Bruce Lee and him were friends.
I guarantee you like that didn't go down like that then fight. Right, right,
right. If they did have a fight, if Jesus cried,
it would have been horrific. Yeah. That guy's a fucking gorilla.
Judo people is a different man. They have a different, they're their core Judah.
Yeah, their course. So God damn strong.
There's only a few judo guys I've ever rolled with it or a lack of consequences.
[inaudible] was one of them. I think when I was a blue belt,
I rolled with him and he was like rolling with the chimpanzee.
It just threw me around so freely as Christ.
It's so disheartening when you grapple with like whole,
like a really good wrestler or a really good judo person.
They just have this insane ability to manipulate bodies. It's crazy. Okay.
It says he won the national heavyweight judo championship and the u s, uh,
USA overall judo championship title.
So he won the national heavyweight title and he went on to win both to
heavyweight and overall champion in 1955 as well.
So that's eight National Amateur Athletics Union. I think that's a, you know,
I think that's, that stands for it. So that's a, that's a big time judo title,
especially for back then in 1954,
there probably wasn't that many judo championships.
It was probably fairly recent thing. Where's judo come from? Japan, Japan,
Japan,
Jujitsu to even a Brazilian Jujitsu really came from Japan because I'm count my
Ada who was this, uh, traveling judo master. Um,
he taught people in Brazil. He taught the Gracies.
So the Gracie family in Brazil,
they took that Jujitsu and they refined it and made it, made it much more,
much more emphasis on submissions cause of Carlos Gracie and Leo Gracie and
Carlson Gracie and like the early masters. Really amazing,
amazing story of one really one family that kind of revolutionized the way
people fight on the ground and they just all focused on, right. I remember.
Yeah, they just were, they just were bad asses. Yeah.
They would just fight each other all the time and they were trying to figure out
what works best and they, they just got it down to a fucking science.
There's the story
about [inaudible] gene, the bell,
but you could make this a little better so I can, can I read this?
You guys labelle said that when he got on the set,
Dob and sell the put Lee in a headlock or something,
so labelle went up and grabbed Lee.
He started making all those noises and became,
they became famous for Labelle said, but he didn't try to counter me,
so I think he was more surprised than anything else.
So he probably just grabbed him, got him in a headlock.
Then the belt lifted Lee onto his back. What's called a fireman's carry,
a ran around the set with him and said,
put me down or I'll kill you Lee's cream. He said,
I can't put you down or you'll kill me. Labelle said, hold the Lee there.
As long as he dared before putting him down, saying, hey Bruce, don't kill me.
Just kidding. Champ, back on its feet again. Lee didn't kill the balance.
Deadly recognized.
His lack of grappling was deficiency in g style of martial arts that he was
developing c so there wasn't really a fight. But this is what I'm telling you.
Labelle was so fucking powerful and such an amazing Judah God that if it was a
fight it would have been really quick.
So if that's who he was supposed to be portraying in the movie, like if that's,
if they showed that the Brad Pitt character was some judo champion that became a
martial artists later. Okay.
Maybe this guy was like a roofer while he was at peace.
I was a fun part of the movie. It was great. Fucking liked that movie man.
I love that. And it's so, it's a, it's like split camps on it.
Like just in my circle of friends that I run into whatever,
people either loved it and,
and feel like they could have hung with it for two more hours or people were
like, what's the point? What was the story? I don't get it. Those,
I don't get it guys. Keep a real close on him.
Like the Jeffrey Epstein, you're trying to keep alive. It's those people.
I don't understand their thinking. I don't either. It was so enjoyed that,
oh my God ass movie. Like, where are you not entertained?
Like there was a lot of times in that movie. I was like, fuck yeah. Oh, ah,
great move. I could've just hung with it forever.
And especially being out here in la, it was just like that. Cool.
Musso and Frank's. Yes.
They didn't even have to do anything to make it look different.
I know that place. Like it's from 1969 are we supposed to go? Yeah,
we're supposed to go. You and me and Joey, we've been talking about forever.
We got to do it. Well, I'm in town this week.
There's a UFC in Anaheim this weekend. Oh really? La? Yeah, La all week.
I'm in la too.
This is the first two weekends in a row that I've been home I think in a year
and a half. Pull up Tom,
Papa's Instagram and took a look at that sweet elk meat.
Did you put it up on your Instagram? No, I didn't. Didn't here.
I'll send it to you or I'll send it to Jamie. Why are you sending it to Jamie?
Uh, oh my God. That was so good, dude. That shit's ridiculous.
That's why I'm here today cause I run out of elk. You cooked it so well.
Hold on. I'm into food porn obviously. Yeah,
I'm just going to bring you bread of course.
But just an annoying thing about apple.
You want to take a photograph from a text message?
You can't search that person's name
because otherwise you can't get the photo. You know what I'm saying?
Like if I search your name, I have to actually send you a text
once I'm doing something totally wrong. Swipe down.
When you open up the messages at swipe down. Yeah.
Look at that sweet breads search bar pops up. That does look sweet. Okay.
But it was uh, it was just, I couldn't, I couldn't give it to you.
It was just a little too stale and I'm like, I don't want to do it. Then. Yeah,
next time you had stale bread, how has it, how, how many days is a,
an actual real bread go before it's stale? About four days. Wow.
That's so crazy. So I make two at a time. So it depends how,
how much the ladies are eating. Wow. Yeah. Jamie, I just sent you,
I just sent it to you again, a photo of the meat. This was so good.
I just can't believe you cooked that PR, that per gas grill grill.
That's amazing.
Gas Grill on high and I flipped it four times.
What I'm cut was that, was that a roast? That was the tri tip. Oh Wow.
That looks good. Oh, so good. Damn, that looks good.
I know you're a really good cook. Thank you. You nailed that. Yeah,
try tip's a tricky one because there's not a lot of fat and I tried tip. No,
it's not doing that. You know, there was, there was, I, I remarked at that,
that there were in a lot of flames coming up.
It wasn't like dripping fat into the thing. It's a different cut. I mean,
but I just did it by feel and I was like, you, you know,
you don't want it to be too, you know, stiff.
And then he just pulled it off and uh, it's still nice.
He does still have it waiting for me in the fridge. That's a plus right there.
Well, it's good stuff. So did you, you got another one you send it?
Does that mean you hunted again or, I got a deer. You got a deer, deer. Lanai.
I'm going to give you some access tier two. Oh really? Ooh, boy. Boy was that,
is that, what's the taste difference? Um, it's uh, it's, it's different.
It's definitely different, but it's really delicious. Yeah.
They're one of the fastest deer species on earth. They're crazy fast.
How big are they? Palo hundred and 3,050 pounds.
Like Jamie size? No, Janie is bigger than that. Yeah.
Like Tony Hinchcliffe sized. Right. Oh really? That's little
Tony. He's like, Hey, I'm here for meat,
ligaments and wise ass attitude. To put in perspective,
you get about 400 pounds from an elk and you get about 40 pounds from a deer.
Oh my God. Yeah, definitely very different. The elk is so good. It's great.
I don't buy it. You know, the last time you gave it gave me a bunch.
It's just been in the freezer to go and like buy like a steak at Gelson's or
whatever. Or Ralph's. It's not happening. Well, I'm glad you enjoy it man.
It's so cool to see that you like it and it's so good for you. You feel good.
Yes. Right. Crazy, right. That's not, yeah, it's not just a placebo effect.
I don't think so. No, I wasn't, I didn't get in the game to feel good.
I just wasn't because it was delicious. So many hunters say that. Yeah.
So many hunters say that like you eat,
you eat it and it like gives you like this boost event you'll you feel like
energized cause it's so nutrient dense, so dark.
And I mean it's an animal that like their main photo is
wolves, mountain lions. I mean they're out there hustling. Yeah.
If you can get, get ahold of that meat, that's, that's a meet of champions.
It's good stuff. It's just they scream, they scream at each other like, boy,
I mean you're eating like a mystical beast. That's what it feels like.
I respect it. But when you get into the store, a lot of times it's from farms.
It's from a farm in New Zealand, most likely.
I think they probably can do it at some places in the United States.
Maybe some places in Canada where they commercially farm elk,
but most elk that you get you actually get from New Zealand is really
interesting. New Zealand's a weird place, man.
I've never been a lot of the lamb. Do you get it's from New Zealand. Oh yeah.
Yeah. The Dude New Zealand is really kind of crazy because they don't have any
predators. Uh,
everything was brought over by a bunch of rich European guys. They're like,
wouldn't it be great if we had sheep over here? They just brought sheep. Well,
it'd be great if we had stags.
And so they brought over stags [inaudible] and antelope.
I've ever seen a red stag. No. Beautiful, beautiful animal. Yeah,
they're all over the place in New Zealand. They brought them over there.
There was literally no large mammals in New Zealand and they brought all of them
over there. Jeez. See if you can get a photograph of a Red Stat,
New Zealand red stag. They're beautiful animals.
It's kind of like an elk and a lot of ways I think it looks like it's like the
cousin of an elk. They have these gorgeous,
gorgeous antlers and they're just these big crazy,
beautiful animals. Do you have another trip coming up?
I've never been in New Zealand. Um, are you going for elk again? Yeah,
I'll be going in the fall. I was going to fall. It's nice.
You see you got a photo of one. Okay. That's a Scottish one.
Don't they have a New Zealand red stag? Okay, well that's the dark side.
Click on that photo. Click it. No, no, the one. Okay. That's good too.
And the one below it. Let me see. You want to believe that huge people want,
that's okay. This is the dark side c. Okay. Now what this is, Geez,
this is a New Zealand elk that's grown in a place where they,
they grow them like this.
So it's probably a high fence operation and you probably feed these things.
So they probably have like big bundles of food and the more food an animal like
that gets, the more impressive Iraq though. That rack is insane. Yeah.
It's actually a really amazing podcast about,
oh see that looks like it's caught up in ropes or something.
What the hell is happening there? It's like in a tree or something.
What the fuck is going on? It looks like a volume.
It must have got caught on something.
It looks like a vine wrapped around in there. That's so weird.
I really don't understand what that is. I clicked on it. It's very abs.
So it looks like the antlers are wrapped up in vines and then they shot it and
left the vines on the head. They could have taken the vines off.
Just out of respect. Out of respect. That does happen though. Like, uh,
sometimes deer will get um,
like barbwire and shit stuck in their antlers or bail wire.
They'll get that shit stuck in their antlers.
They'll get trapped around their legs. Shit. [inaudible] man, that's
awful. People always catch 'em deer 'em uh,
or find deer rather that have been caught in fences. So like they,
they're jumping through fence and it gets twisted around and their leg gets
stuck a, yeah, that's terrible. That's not cool. Oh, it's drag. It's a drag.
They find them. They're like coyotes, find them and they just eat them along.
You know, it's really good to is the sausage. Oh yeah. The sausage is fantastic.
Anyway, so that's why those antlers are so crazy. They're not, they don't,
if they were in the wild, that's not happening. You wouldn't get enough food.
Right.
There's a way I was going to say that there's a great podcast called the meat
eater with my friend Steve Rinella.
There's an episode that there where they're talking about that, um,
that's out right now and find out which one it is.
It's so much better to be interesting.
I just emotionally and mentally feel so much better eating it than I do.
Knowing that something came from like a big factory farm. It's just like,
it's called a episode one 80 teeth, horns and claws. And uh,
he sits down with, uh, a wildlife biologist and they're,
they're talking about why animals grow things, why they grow, you know,
antlers and why they, why they let go with their antlers.
How you could take animals from one area where it looks like they have poor
genetics as their antlers are small and they move into another place with more
food, their antlers grow big.
So it just seems to be a direct correlation between their diet and how much
their antlers grow. So what they do with these, these animals most likely,
and I don't know how all of them do it cause it they probably vary,
but I know um, in the United States, like when they have deer farms,
they feed them like a super high protein diet out of these feeders.
And so these animals eat this crazy high protein diet and their ambitious go
fucking filled with minerals. And like antler bone is a weird thing.
It grows faster than any known bone on earth.
So when you see a deer's antlers and they're gigantic,
that deer might have just grown those over the last three months. Really? Yes.
Geez. It's crazy.
Especially Laz elk antler in particular because they let go their antlers very
late. Like antlers fall off once they get done having sex.
They don't need the antlers anymore cause the antlers are mostly to like show
dudes. That's what I was gonna ask like a bird. Like it's floral,
it's to attract.
But it also helps them in fights with each other because like the males will
fight and they wind up for the lady. Yeah. They kill each other all the time.
Especially elk.
You'll find elks with like puncture wounds in their sides where they just jab
each other and then yeah,
one of them will trip and the other one will run his fucking antlers through his
body cavity. So when these people are feeding them this high protein stuff,
is it for the inlays or it's just for them too? For the antlers? It is, yes.
It's so they developed these freakish antlers cause then it's a trophy. Yes.
But it's, there's two schools of thought on this.
There's people that think that's great. Look at the antlers.
And then there's people who are the purest people that would be in the Steve
Vanilla camp that would find it grotesque. And we find it a direct,
direct evidence of a person meddling with it. Like almost like, yeah,
that's what it kind of feels like. Right?
Like almost akin in a way to like an animal.
That's where our color [inaudible] like why,
why is so obviously manipulated by a person like wild.
They don't have likes and wants to see worldly crazy shit that grows all over
the place. Yeah.
If you find one in the wild that has anything remotely like that,
it's a freak of all freaks.
They do exist in places that have like amazing food and it would be more special
because it's out there and it just happens. Right?
Whereas these all take place inside a fence. It's kind of sketchy.
It's a little sketch but a little meddlesome.
It's troublesome because they also have to hunt them. Right. So what,
so one of the problems is they will do these purges where they fly over and
helicopters with certain species and they just got them down and they rank them
to rock. Why? Because they tip, they have too many of them.
They're devastating to the local flora, all the different plants.
And that is eat through everything. There's no predators.
So credit goes right and my name port wolves and start some crazy gang wars.
Sounds Fun. There's a coyote.
Coyotes in my neighborhood are going nuts right now. They ripped apart a cat,
three of them on one cat and somebody else lost one with the two coyotes.
They gang up together and they go after these.
My cat is a stay inside a lot because that's how the terrible life in the,
in the Hollywood area. Yeah. It's good. This, yeah.
Cats are real trouble with these coyotes everywhere. I know their tricks.
Smell your cat. You know where your cat is, right?
They know when you count there and they know when your cat's not there.
You don't even have to see him really. The winds coming down, like say if your,
if your cat's in your backyard and there's a coyote a mile away on the street
and the wind hits that cat and blows towards that coyote that coyote might be
able to smell it. She's [inaudible].
They can smell some insane amount of distance.
Wow. And you know if, if the wind is blowing right,
so it's blowing towards them,
they can pick up these little things and next thing you know they're there
knowing that you've got something in your yard. Jeez Louise,
I want to help with the effective distance.
The way it was relayed to me was like you should consider the way a coyote could
smell or a bloodhound or any kind of crazy dog smell. The way you smell a skunk,
you smell skunk like a skunk could be like blocks away,
but you fucking smell it so strong.
You could smell it like almost a mile away maybe. Yeah, maybe half mile. Yeah,
probably a little less. That's how dogs are with everything. With everything.
With your feet. It's a little smell. Your feet or guy that far away or puppy.
Imagine they could smell another dog taken a lead block away. Like what? Yeah,
mother fucker.
Is it funny when you're hanging with your dog and all of a sudden they just hit
their head goes up. Oh my God,
this is purely out of smelling something in the distance.
I was taking my dog out today and it was amazing.
The stuff he stops for what fucking going on with this Bush?
Just freak out. Like what the fuck is he smells man.
You smell it like I have zero idea what he smells like.
There was a possum here five hours ago. That's what they say about bears.
That bears can not only smell you,
they can smell you hours later and know how long it was that you pass through.
So no, whether or not it's worth going after you. Geez. Oh,
why is it the best? They just have, they have a multiple,
I think I want to say a bear's nose is nine times stronger than a bloodhounds.
What? Yes. I think that's the case really.
I think it's like nine times stronger than the bloodhounds. That's amazing.
Yeah, so think about insane bloodhounds nose. Yeah. See if that's true.
What does it say gen? Why they're so manic?
I just looking at smell ranges and I typed in bear smell orange.
It says it can smell a carcass from up to 20 miles away.
Jesus. Wow. It's 20 miles. Yeah, let's, let's bring those back.
What a good idea. You fucking assholes.
You know California used to have a lot of them. Oh, grizzlies, man. Really?
Oh yeah. We killed them all. Or not us, but people in 18 hundreds right.
That's our state flag, Bro, and push them up up north,
but let's not pushed him off. They murdered them. There's no pushing.
They killed them all. Geez. Yeah.
The last time a guy died at the hands of a grizzly bear that was documented in
California was a guy, I think his name is Steven Laveck,
and there's a town up on the way to Bakersfield.
If you ever got to go do a gig up in big Bakersfield, you have to Bakersfield.
It's great out there. It is nice I to get out there. That fun peep.
It's got that cool desert vibe. You instantly, you're in the country somehow.
But anyway, on the way up there,
there's a town called the VEC and Laveck was named after the last man to get
killed by a grizzly bear. Oh really? Yeah. And they, they, they go,
they zoomed him many years later to see if the story was true and his body was
destroyed like something bit through his tiny bones and mauled through J. Guys,
you get tore apart by a bear. There is a, in New Jersey right now,
they're having a, in North Jersey, they're having a black bear problem. Yeah.
You know why? Because their government stopped the hunting on bears.
The governor decided to stop the bear hunt. It was a part of him being elected.
But these people,
you're going to come face to face with the consequences of not managing
dangerous wildlife. Black bears are dangerous wildlife. They're beer all over.
Yes, they a problem. Beautiful. They're amazing.
It's definitely good to have them around,
but you cannot let them overpopulate without a management plan.
And that's what I think was the difference between the way this guy was
approaching it and the way wildlife biologists were approaching it.
They're approaching it from an emotional issue.
They don't want people to kill bears, right, but you have to take if,
if the bear becomes something that kills you,
which it could at one point in time, I mean,
there was a kid from Rutgers that got killed by a bear couple years back.
It's not, it's very rare. It's very rare that a person gets killed by a bear,
but that can happen more often and that very rare. It's not going to,
do you have any comfort? It's if your kid turns up missing, right?
You know your kid can't be in the backyard because bears might get your kid.
That's real. You guys out of your fucking mind, right?
Like bears are giant wild dogs that again, like Jamie said,
can smell a carcass 20 miles away. Get the fuck Outta here. Kill them all
gun, gun them down. Don't let them, don't let them overtake your neighborhood.
I'm not saying they shouldn't be in the woods. They should,
but they should stay the fuck out of like suburbs, suburb, neighborhoods.
What the problem also is that it's just growing. There's so many humans.
Every year, more and more humans, more and more developments.
There's really not much land for these animals. That's an interesting argument.
Not that good though, but it hasn't expanded that much.
What's what's happened is the populations of the animals is arisen,
but isn't it the, but there is sprawl.
There's more developments and certainly sprawl in comparison to like the fifties
the sixties seventies eighties and nineties what is happening now with these
overpopulations of animals is there's no one doing anything about,
see if you have bears, they don't have a fucking,
there's no predators for bears. They occasionally eat each other.
They do it all the time. Actually. They're killing each other all the time.
Especially cubs, maleZ , cubs females or eat their own cubs.
Where did they get to do that?
We were in Alberta and one of the guys that I was with, my friend John,
his son saw a bear kill a cub and then the mother or the cub ate it.
Jeez. Yeah. It's with these guys. This is the life they live, man.
They're not movie characters. They're wild predators and they're enormous.
These are several hundred pounds.
And if you think it's cute to have millions of them, and it's like,
do you know that New Jersey has the densest population of black bears in all of
North America? Yeah. New Jersey. Right?
Bananas that is the most densely populated for humans.
It really, really is the most populated state because densely populated state.
Yeah. Cause it's not, but it has on, there's a lot of people,
there's a lot of woods still a lot of woods.
There's a lot of places for these things to live.
But if you have bears and there's nothing, there's no wolves and there's no,
there's no mountain lines. There's nothing taken the bears out.
Let's just bears deer too. Yeah, a crazy amount. I was just there.
I have family there and we were just driving around the summers,
like they were just popping up everywhere.
I mean the bears probably eating the shit out of them too.
They're responsible for the death of 50% of all deer fawns bears.
There's, yeah.
They just go around and eat the half of the deer fawns getting eaten by bears.
Wow. Yeah. They did do the study, like where were deer fawns getting jacked?
It's like mostly bears there. I mean,
mountain lions get them to luxury funds hanging out at the mall,
eating at a Chick-Filet, but there's no mountain lines in New Jersey,
so there's all bears. The Fonz there, they're all getting jacked by bears. Well,
that was the big debate, I believe when I was there,
was they were thinking about a allowing bear hunting. Well,
why was it legal? It was a big kerfuffle,
or whether or not it's been leaked. It was legal.
This new government made it illegal. Right, right, right.
But the people that live there think it's terrible idea to make it illegal,
to make it illegal. I get it. I get, people don't want bears to die,
but you just have to understand management.
You have to manage wildlife numbers when you're around people. I mean,
this idea that you shouldn't do that because they sh they should be here because
they were here first and we're taking over their land. You're right.
You're right about all those things. You're right. But we're teen people. Okay.
We're dealing with, right, exactly. You can't let many,
many bears move into your area. It's a fucking disaster.
They're gonna eat your garbage. You're going to get scared.
Someone's gonna get bit, someone could die. Yeah. I mean, and,
and it accelerates with the population increase, right? Whatever it is. I mean,
there's a wild video from 'em.
Fuck what far Rockaway, which is oh, really? Yeah.
And these two bears, it's like, it's like Queens, New York.
These two bears get in a, they start duking it out. Shit. No,
that's not the far Rockaway one. Um, there's a, is that far walkway?
Is that what it says? Okay. Far Rockaway, New Jersey. Okay. This is,
this is a different one, but it's so same is brand new. Oh, Jesus Christ.
A couple of cheese. So like Grizzly Jews, these are big bears.
Picture them smaller. These are more than 200 pounds.
That's what it looks like to me. I'm looking at them 200 plus pound bears.
It's like Jamie Times two. Well, there's another one where these,
these bears fight where I'm not bullshitting the bears look like 400 pound
bears. They're fucking enormous. And they knock over this, uh,
they knock over this, um, a mailbox and they crash into some garbage.
They're so big dude, and they spill out onto the street. Why cars are there?
Oh my God. Cars are watching this and you get a real, uh,
perspective sense of how big they are with the cars, right?
I'm guessing 300 pounds plus maybe 400 pounds.
They gotta be fast to it out with each other in front of everybody in New Jersey
and people's yard. God, another one with two giant bears in the same area.
Oh my God. From earlier this year. We're up a few times.
So this is another one. Yeah. God plan.
My sister had a whole family just walking down her street. Dude, this,
this is going to be a problem and they're going to have to hire people to go and
kill these things.
Understand is one person getting eaten well at the Taco Bell and could be a lot
of different things. Can Be People's dogs. Yeah.
This was the original video that I saw. So these do,
they're fighting right outside these people's house and then they Duke it out.
They Duke it out. They uh, they eventually crash into the mailbox.
It's Shaked on camera work. Yeah. Well this cause he's, he's terrified of this.
The Duke Bobby also though,
this is like a good sign that these were a old ass fucking cameras.
This is like before they really had stabilization on cell phone cameras.
The size of these fucks chaise and they're just fighting.
It's on the streets, on all these peaks. Oh Man. Oh Man.
This is what happens when you don't let people hunt them. Wow.
Or this is what happens when you don't hunt them enough.
You gotta manage approach. Yes. Dude, it's fucking dangerous, man.
These are wild animals and these people that live there are soft ass
domesticated people. They, they're not, they're not like us.
They don't know how to fight back these things.
That is massive. These are big. They're big. Those are big bears.
That's not what I pictured. Like you ever go to the black bear diner?
They have what they am out here looking at tape like all these wooden bears.
That's really cool. Look at this. They make them look so adorable.
They wear hats. They've got vests on. I didn't see them crashing anything.
Maybe I was wrong about that. Maybe there's another one. Wow.
This is many of these videos of bears fighting God.
You Know Alaska takes it one step further though. One of my favorite videos is,
I'll say they did knock in the sun. No, that's, no, no, no. Well they didn't.
They slipped in Alaska say you can shoot them in their den now. I don't think.
It wasn't that big thing. I don't think that's what I heard.
Unless they're trying to get rid of a certain number of them.
What I was going to talk about was moose and people's driveways.
There's this crazy fight where this guy sitting in front of his car in the
morning,
sitting in his car in front of his house in the morning and he's filming and
he's just Moose duking it out on the front lawn.
They are fucking enormous and they're smashing antlers right on this guy.
It. It's look at this, look at this man. Whoa, this is fucking crazy.
They're so big. They crash into that car. God, I fucked that car up.
But imagine this is your house and you watch in two huge moose do like this.
This would like to live in a place like that. Well, you can move to Anchorage,
Alaska. This can happen to you. It would be fun.
You'd move right next to Sarah Pailin. My caption. Cat's fucked.
My cat wouldn't make it. Cat becomes an indoor cat locker in the house.
When you open the door, don't let her out because everything jacker. Yeah,
look at these things, man. They don't Bro. Oh, got him on his back.
Take down there. So big man. These are so, so you,
this guy's running the cameras. This is just how you put it in perspective,
right? A deer is like maybe a hundred like a,
like a access to you was like maybe 150 pounds. An Elk,
a big one is like closing in a thousand pounds. Yeah, 800 900 pounds.
A Moose is twice that big. Twice that twice, that bet.
1800 2000 pounds sometimes. Oh my God.
Big male moves like those moves right there.
She easily could have been 600 1600 pounds 17 they're so big.
And those were big ones, man. They had giant antlers.
See how wide their antlers are.
You see one that's like a fully mature Moose fool man. Fucking normal.
I came around a bend on my motorcycle in Maine once and there was just a moose
just standing there in the middle of the road like this. It was like a wall.
It was like,
I think there's a wall in the middle of the road and it was a gigantic moose.
Greg Fitzsimmons did this Gig in New Hampshire and they told you,
told him that he couldn't swear. So Greg,
when he was young as he is today was a smart ass. But yeah,
today's professionals back then,
he was just kind of learning the smart ass crap.
So he immediately opened up with, hey, what's going on? Fuckers? Like,
and then of course it doesn't, it doesn't clean up his act at all.
And they sent him home.
But what was crazy was on the way up there, they were telling them,
do not drive at night because of the Moose, cause you could hit him.
But he goes after my show, they were so mad at me. They like, fuck you go drive.
They sat in the dark in New Hampshire with the Moose out.
I just love the picture of a young Fitzsimmons. Who was he? Hilarious.
I'm such a smart ass. Such a smart ass.
I've known Greg since we literally started out like within a week of each other.
Oh really? An Open Mike night. Wow. I met him early in New York.
Did we did so many shitty gigs together. He was, he was a, he was,
he was mean. Greg
is cutting. I mean I always got along great. Nice. But no, but he had that,
you know, he had Fitzsimmons attitude where if he, if he locks it on you,
you're toast. Oh yeah. If he thinks you suck. Yeah.
If he thinks you suck and you know him, especially if you know, if you're not,
if you're cocky, you don't know me.
Mother fucker. Here. It's, you hear that joke is, that's hilarious.
It's a hilarious bit. I tell him a lot of hilarious.
I tell him every time I see him, it's the best. It's the best bit of the year.
Yeah. I think Greg and I probably we,
I don't how many gigs we did together,
but for like the first few years of our comedy when we're really starting to get
like road gigs. Yeah, yeah. We did a shit ton of them together, but Mike,
nice man. We'd just drive all the way down to Rhode Island.
We'd drive to Providence, Rhode Island to work.
They'll do like 10 minutes for free. Wow. Of course.
We're so excited. Maybe no great. Might have been five minutes.
Who would drive whoever whoever's fucking car worked. Right.
I remember one time me and Greg and this other dude were in a car and the other
dude starts talking about vibrators in his ass and about how much his girlfriend
likes to put vibrators in his ass and we're maybe saying this another comment
[inaudible] this comic is telling us this crazy story.
I mean we're trapped with this guy all the way to Maine driving and he's in the
back seat talking about taking in the ass with vibrators and I'm like, what?
We didn't get that close like this is,
it's a weird time to bring up the subject. It's his opening conversations.
Like I'm not averse to that subject. I'm not adverse to you discussing.
I don't think but play. First of all,
I don't think there's anything wrong with being gay and I don't think,
but play makes you gay, so let's, let's just like, it's just, it's intimate.
It's an intimate opener. That's what I'm saying.
Let sued all those worries right there.
I'm whatever you are.
No problem with you getting your butt touched and I have no problem with you
being gay. This is just not what I'm talking about.
This is like why you're driving. Hello? Yeah, my girl, she loved it.
Put vibrators in my asshole. Like what? Hello, how are you? Nice to meet you.
My girlfriend and we knew this guy, but we didn't know this guy. Like, no,
this guy. How did you know him?
As much as I knew Greg and if Greg was telling me that with in a car with
somebody else, I'd be like, why are you telling me what this other dude is here?
This is something you don't want everybody to know. Yeah. IX,
nay on the ass play.
This doesn't seem like I would want to broadcast that to just random strangers.
This Tony wanted us to know that a,
his girl liked to put vibrators in his asshole and we were going to,
we're trapped with this guy and sadly he wasn't that good of a comedian.
He's a boy. Yeah. Neither were any of us back then,
but we were a little better than him. He was in this,
he was in his range.
There's a range that happens with early comedy when young comics coming up where
you're like, Ooh, I don't know if you're ever going to get out of it.
Yeah. Now you can see pretty quickly like sometimes some of us,
you suck in the beginning, but you have a hint. Yeah. There's something there.
Something there. Yeah, no, exactly. Yeah.
Kyle Dunnigan and I did a show early on for a high school in New Jersey and we
drove out there and they'd, same thing, just be really clean,
make sure it's really clean, it's gotta be clean. And, uh,
Kyle went up, I went up and I, you're bombing because it's high school kids.
You don't have a great act to begin with and it's all high school children and
you have nothing to relate to them and they don't want to listen to a man
talking. And how old are you at the time? Uh,
probably 32, something like that. I don't know. 35.
And uh, I'm just bombing and just trying to get through it. And then,
uh, and then Kyle comes out and he's the whole time backstage. He's like,
do I do my songs? Do I do my songs? I'm like, well, you know, I don't know.
Whatever it works, you know, just try and keep it clean. He comes down,
he sings the song. Uh, it was about the, uh,
Irish parade, the Saint Patrick's Day parade sung like in an Irish brogue.
And one line was if it was about, oh with the, they were allowing,
they were debating whether or not homosexuals could march in the parade.
That was a big thing in New York for for like a decade and Kyle had a,
a funny song about it and the line was if your ass,
if you're, if, if my cock is, if my cock is the ladle,
your ass be the Stu, like the song is like an iron.
If your cock be the ladies,
let me ask me the stew and I just hear him like starting to get to it and he
goes into it. It's the first thing that the audience loves.
The kids are so excited by it. Fast forward, the show's over,
we're going to get paid and a high school principal is livid.
He's got a, he has a Winnie the Pooh and there's two girls there.
There's cheese, got a Winnie the Pooh Thai,
he's he so angry and he's yelling at us, what are these?
Our children, your assets, your caucus,
the ladle and there's two and there's two girls.
They made us cupcakes and had construction paper saying thank you for performing
at our school with stars and Mules and they don't know whether they should give
us the treats or not because the principal is just yelling at us.
But these are high schools.
So funny. These are high school kids though. We got the cheque. Yes.
High school kids. There are new those things. That's why they laughed. Oh,
of course. Of course. But he couldn't sanctioning. But Kyle just, you know,
you're dying and yet you have no, you have no material.
So what else is it going to do? He had to break out the song.
There's nothing else he can do. He just tried to survive and get paid.
You can get out of there. Yeah. You got to survive.
You've got to take it on the chin. Hey, you got to come on my radio show.
I got to, yeah. Did you say you do it at seven in the morning? Seven to nine.
Why do you gotta do that? Well, I don't know.
You should do it when you're awake. I know. She wants to be good.
It's really early. Does it stream live or something? Yeah, it's on serious.
It's Netflix is a joke. Radio, you know they have,
they took all their specials and they run them on so confused on the Netflix
radio. I was thinking that Netflix was going to have its own radio channel.
Like you have a Netflix Channel v a and their own radio channel.
That's why I was thinking like, oh you'd like, there's gonna be an a comedy,
like an app, like a new thing that they're doing.
It's like raw dog on Sirius XM or comedy rates of serious to listen to him now.
Yeah, that's what I was thinking of.
That you could listen to it on the Netflix app. Cause you know,
so many people listen to Netflix on their phones now. Oh read a lot. Yeah.
So many people watch specials.
I think they said that like 50% of the people that watch my Netflix special
watch on a phone. Wow. Yeah. They're actually,
even many people are formatting their specials to make them better to watch on
phones. Oh, interesting. Yeah. Like their,
the way they're shooting it in terms of like how they zoom in on the shot,
what shots they choose, how they're doing it. So you can look at it on,
you know, fucking Samsung Galaxy. That's interesting. Plus or something,
you know. So they have all these specials from all these people.
So like started their own channel and I have the first radio show on it and it
runs seven to nine out here. And then, uh, and then two to four.
So it's drive time here in the morning and drive time in New York in the
afternoon. And you and fortune, fortune, fortune Feemster. Yeah. She's so funny.
He's very funny. I love her. Very cool person. Yeah. They were like,
who do you want, you know, to do this with you? And,
and she was on this short list. I was like, oh done.
She always seems very friendly. She's really fun. She just merged two murders,
murders on stage. She's so funny. She's very, very funny.
Her Instagram's really funny. She dances, she does ice cream dances. She always
gets an ice cream cone and dances along with it.
We need to get her and Faheem together. Yeah. Work out.
But it's cool cause it's all comedy.
It's all comedians coming in talking about their specials,
talking about comedy and yeah, it's pretty fun. But it's early. It's early.
[inaudible] I'm not sure if it's really necessary. Yeah,
you got to put your foot down.
You could do it the night before and have it run in the morning cause we're not
like doing hard news.
You could just bypass that system and do a podcast.
And I do have a podcast. I know you do,
but do it like do it in the podcast form. Yeah,
just do a successful podcast specific contract for a certain amount of time.
I'm not trying to get you out here a yeah,
we're going to do it for a year and then um, it is fun.
I am enjoying it, but it's good. But you know what,
it's gonna mess with my spots during the week. Oh yeah. Yeah.
That's what we were saying.
I was saying if you wanted to do the Improv to one night,
you said you really can't because you got to get up early in the morning.
I could do an early show. I can't do late shows. Tough Shit.
Show starts at 10 30 I don't know what to tell you.
We're not gonna move everything back for you Tom.
Why you thought we were friends? Shouldn't have a job like that.
Preposterous job. You're up at seven in the morning talking. It's crazy. Yeah,
it's doing morning radio all the time. If I'm up at seven in the morning,
I'm exercising. I'm not. I want to get things done first.
I don't want to just wake up and talk. Hey Ho can't remember names.
My Batman memory is 50% is good when I first wake up. I'm really, yeah,
50% Starks sucks. It's terrible. You hit me with a pop quiz.
How long does it take you to dust off the cobwebs? I don't know. I'll,
I often thought about that. Right?
I often thought about like how dumb I am during the day. If there was like a,
a meter you could like see like now I should make some good decisions.
Just getting smarter, getting two in the afternoon,
I'll feeling pretty fucking good, you know, but somewhere around, uh,
late at night and everything starts to fall apart and early in the morning,
everything falls apart. It's late at night for you. Like one ish, one 30,
like I don't work out at one 30 in the morning.
I really don't have the energy to workout physically working.
Like sometimes I'll be writing at one 30 in the morning and I can right at one
30 in the morning. But if I had to go through one of my workout routines,
like a physical activity, like a real work, I can't do it now.
Well you shouldn't, it's one o'clock in the morning. Right.
But that fee that's letting you know that there is a cycle to where you have
energy. Right. And where you don't have energy when you're awake,
when you're not awake. Yeah. Yeah.
But some people they perform way better late in the afternoon. Like a,
I used to feel that way about Jujitsu class, like early morning Jujitsu classes.
I was terrible. I just couldn't get my body warmed up. It's really, yeah,
I didn't like them but the evening ones, like an eight 30 class I was peaking.
Oh, interesting. I'm better working out early. Yeah. Yeah.
It's like after lunch. What does a typical Tom Papa,
like how do you start your day?
Um, radio day or no radio day. Regular Day off parts.
I don't want to get a little, well I guess we're fast forward into noon.
Okay. Give me a radio. Non Radio Day. Non Radio Day.
I get up at seven. I get up at seven. I go upstairs, a soldier,
I make coffee, I get one cup of coffee. Do you play classical music softly?
Once in awhile? Yeah. Usually a picture you OCD butter on your toast.
That's sort of weird. No, I don't, I don't eat straight away.
It's just straight black coffee into the office.
I have an office and I try and write. I sit at the desk,
I call it going into the shop,
and I sit there and I write and I make sure that there's no appointments until
noon. Anything I'm going to do, I don't do it until noon,
except if I'm going to go for a run or workout,
I'll put in a couple of hours and then when I start to fade, I'll, uh,
I'll, uh, go for a run and then come back and continue. Oh, I skipped something.
I'm sorry. Uh, before the coffee.
If I'm up early enough and the house isn't up,
I'll meditate first for 20 minutes before,
even right before I coffee, before I write. Really? Yeah.
Wake up water in the face,
maybe brushed teeth up into the office and then take 20 right away because it's
more restful than sleep.
So even if you had like a bad night's sleep or your tossing or whatever was
going on, you're now ready to go through the day.
What kind of meditation are you doing? TM.
[inaudible] meditation, but transcendental meditation there.
There's a weird thing about that, right?
To some people think it's kind of culty. It's not cult-y. It's not called,
there's no, there's no leaders. Right, but is it wasn't there,
wasn't there some controversy with TM a while back? Think so. No.
My misconstruing it was something else.
Yeah, no. T that's why I like, I don't, I'm, I'm very into it.
I'm doing it for a long time. It's great. I, but I,
I like yoga. I like all that kind of stuff. [inaudible] less.
You get a little hippy dippy with it and a little too preachy and then I'm out.
Yeah, me too. And this is totally basic, simple.
When I was taught it, there was nothing, you know, like hippy dippy flake.
No. It's meant that hippy dippy flaky shit. It's only,
it only feels shitty if the person's not really live in that life.
And you can kind of feel it to kind of bullshit.
There's this guys to take classes from seeing it was Peters from South Africa
and I only took his classes a few times,
but he was like one of those genuinely spiritual people.
And he would say these things and you could tell he wasn't trying to manipulate
you or Namaz Day you are [inaudible] or he wasn't trying to bullshit you.
That's, yeah, and then there was another guy that used to take classes with it.
It felt like he was always bullshitting, always.
It was so annoying and he ended up banging in this other dude's wife and he came
a giant disaster.
Was that guy with the acoustic guitar making eye contact with so funny you say
that he would sing sing in clashes.
Of course. Of course. No, there's, you can,
you can smell it and that's why I had a hard time with yoga until I found this
one teacher and she was just great. And it's the same thing with it.
Controversy. Here it is called controversy or something. Yeah.
While ago with them. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. With 10 can we make that a little larger?
I can barely read that shit. Yeah. That's really small.
What side of the organization organizations had been the subject of controversy
is labeled a cult by several parliamentary inquiries or anti cult movements of
the world. Some also suggest that TM,
its movement or not a cult and TM movement has been characterized in a variety
of ways, has been called the spiritual movement. A new religious movement,
a Millennia Arion, nobody Arion. Hmm.
Okay. World affirming world affirming movement, social movement,
a guru centered movement.
How a new book exposes the dark side of transgender education.
I don't even understand where you would have like where it would happen.
Like there's no place to go, honestly ignorant of it. So explain it to us. Yeah,
there's nothing, it's very, you know,
I tried meditating and all these different ways and this was,
this kind of made it very simple. It's doesn't just Seinfeld do this too. Yes.
Yeah. He's actually the one that that got me into it and for a long time I was
thinking, well I meditate, I count breaths,
I'd kind of do it then I wasn't really feeling, maybe I was, I was,
I always had in my head that maybe TM is different.
Maybe maybe going and learning that would kind of dial it in to a little bit on
it. So I took four classes. You went and saw this guy, um,
here in California and just go for an hour for four days in a row and he teaches
you what to do it. And the analogy is that, uh, there's this,
the reality is just in this tumultuous ocean,
waves were on the top or on the surface. That's where we live.
And this is just a way through a mantra to get you down below the waves to sit
for 20 minutes. And it's very freeing because there's no,
there's no controlling your mind.
There's no forcing it to come back and count breaths is no, you're never,
you're not, you're not thinking about what you have to do.
You just do the mantra, do the mantra and then let it go.
And if your brain starts thinking about work and thinks about work,
if it starts thinking about your wife, it's like we just let it be. Let it be,
let it be.
And 20 minutes you pop out of it and you feel not right away.
I don't feel changed immediately. Like, I'll feel, I, you know,
I have an apple watch and my heart rate is low.
Like it's 40 to 50 all the time or when you do that, when I'm doing that,
how much does it normally? Probably like 80 right now.
[inaudible] how long does it take to find that out? It's going to take awhile.
Hey Siri, it's at 80 80 yeah. And you get down to 40 when you get him? Yeah.
Oh yeah.
It's very calming and it just Kinda like gives your nervous system a respite
that's pretty heavy. It's pretty great.
It gives me a lot of energy activate Siri by saying,
Hey Siri something. So yeah, my series,
I didn't catch this area is a pain.
No people right now screaming at me because their car is going.
What would you like me to do? Yeah, but I don't feel it like right away but,
but like I'll notice it hours later that I have more energy.
Like I'm still going. What is the process? How do you do it? I just sit.
And what's the mantra? Everyone has an individual mantra tells you much.
I can't come on, bro. What if someone's a gigantic Tom Papa Fan,
they want you to want to do everything that you do. Oh, that's true.
It's jelly beans. That's what you say. No,
it's just the noise.
Pretty much be weird if you just kept saying Jerry Seinfeld, Jerry Terry's
sour, sour,
sour dough would be cool. Is Howard's a delicious food,
but it wouldn't be nearly as weird. Something about Brad Garrett.
Yeah,
Brad Garrett. Yeah, it would be weird. Right?
So I'm told, so I do it first thing in the morning,
20 minutes and then sometime in the late afternoon. So can you explain?
All you do is you sit and you just chant your mantra in my mind and you don't
say it out loud. Don't say now. Okay.
So as you're just repeating the mantra in your mind,
you just try to stay on path of just keeping.
I just keep saying it and when I don't try and stay on a path,
I don't force anything. I just keep saying it.
But if your brain tells you to trick you, Hey Tom,
I just got a great idea for a new bit. Do let it happen. Let it go.
It's okay to write the bit down or do you no. Whoa.
You're risking at all. I'm not that great of a comedian. So those,
those don't happen. [inaudible]
fucking been laying in bed and I was too tired to get up and I'd wait.
I'd say I'm going to out remember that. Yeah. I definitely didn't. No.
And uh, and yeah,
20 minutes and I'm telling you it, it,
my one friend described it as it's adds another four hours to your day. Wow.
And it's really true when I, when you call me today,
last minute to come in, I took 20 before I came cause I was dragging.
I went for a run this morning.
I meditated this morning but then I went for a run. I came back, I was writing
and you call and you're like, can you come on over? I was like, yeah,
that's cool but let me drop for 15 minutes before I get in the car.
And he did, he meditated for 15 minutes. Yep. Wow. Do you do that before sets?
If I'm tired, yeah.
If like it's towards the end of the day and I've got something that you know at
night that's a little later. Does it help you make decisions? Yes.
How did you still make the decision to do a radio show at seven in the morning?
Because I'm not afraid of it because I know that I can meditate and I'll have
energy. How many days a week?
I don't have to worry about getting a good nights sleep ever. No, that's crazy.
I can meditate and then I'll be okay for the show. That's crazy.
I can't do that. Yes you can. You should go. You should go.
Okay. Really? Yeah, I'd love to. I'll hook you up with the guy.
I just watched a youtube video. Is that good enough? Now?
I've learned so much from youtube though. Have you? Yes, it's true.
Why can't you learn transcendental meditation from Youtube? You know what?
There is this mystery about it and I would research it and I was like,
maybe what? Like why can I just learn it? Mystery. The only differences,
having this man explain it to you, it kind of dials it in.
And I went back once since I learned initially just to kind of tune up,
tune up. There's not that much, but it's just, you know,
they give you a little bit, you know,
it's like playing tennis or something and they're like, no,
just hold it like this. Oh, right. Okay. Or like in Yoga they like,
you think you're doing this but your elbows are out. Just kind of bring them in.
That's big in Yoga. Like sometimes the instructor will give you one thing,
she'll say one thing about your,
with the way you're standing or the way you keep your weight and you're like,
oh man. And then you just change it just slightly. Yeah. I like, oh my God,
it's so much harder.
I know, which you never would have learned at home.
So it's kind of a similar thing and uh, it just, uh,
an over time. So that's what it is on a daily basis. But over time it,
uh, it makes you more chill.
Things don't bother me the way they used to bother me.
Just day to day aggravations were stuff with normal bullshit.
There's, it's, I, there's, it's, um, you're,
you slowly transform without realizing it. Do you know who Dan Harris is?
Sam Harris. Dan Harris. Dan Harris from a, no,
from, what is the show Nightline?
Is that what he's on?
Anyway, he'd been on the podcast for a really nice guy. He's got a Nightline.
He's got an app called 10% happier and it's just a meditation app and he wants
people to know that it's been super beneficial to him.
So he talks about it often.
He talked about on my podcast and he actually used the tank. He's the only guy.
Yeah, he's the only guy other than me that's overused that tank.
I want to use the tank. Okay.
This was a weird thing for it to fucking everybody.
But Dan Harris is the only one who said, I'm in. Let's do it.
When you called me today, I was online, uh, looking at tanks.
Do you have room in your house for one? No. That thing's big. It's big.
It's big. It's hotter than I thought. Oh, you don't wanna be cold in there? No,
that's true. It's 94 degrees. 94. Yeah, that's what you want.
That's about the s about the temperature of the surface of your skin.
Somewhere in that range. How did he like it? How long do I stay in there?
As long an hour. You can stay as long as you want the most.
I ever do those two hours I've done more on edibles. Oh really?
Couldn't move. I just had to stay put for real. Yes.
I've gone on to eight edibles and went in there oh many times. Really? Oh,
for sure. Yeah. Yeah, that sounds kind of crazy. It's crazy.
Edibles have a unique visual quality when you're in the sensory deprivation tank
because the tank enhances any sort of, um,
any sort of sensory experience.
Any psychedelic experience is enhanced by the tank because the tank removes the
environment. It removes the world. Right.
And it puts you in this place where you don't see anything or hear anything or
feel anything. You're just flying through space with the ear things in. I don't.
I just let salt water get in my ears. That's what I saw online. They put little,
I just rinse my ears out after it's over and it seems to be fine and just float.
You don't have to keep your head up. I like my ears in the water.
It doesn't bother me. My, I put my ears in the water when I swim too.
I was like, yeah, I mean not you're wearing earplugs. When I swim in the ocean,
why am I wearing earplugs when I lay in this tank?
I thought it was in a audio thing that you're trying to shut out noise and you
can't do it.
But I'm always aware of the plugs that kind of fuck with the balance of your
head. Yeah, I get that.
But if you had something over the ear, well anyway, you get in, you can do it.
But some people like it that way. Some people use the white don't to, no,
you don't have to. And some people actually get them form fitted to their ear,
so they slide in really easily. So you barely even notice that they're there.
And my understanding is that you lay like you're floating,
but you don't have to support yourself. You don't have to do shit. Your neck,
your head, anything, nothing. Just yeah, you have to do it.
I can't believe you'd never done it before. Yeah, no, I'm really super easy.
It's right here. And you tell me when. All right, we'll open it up.
That'd be great. So there's a shower in that room, so it's really easy.
You just have to lay there and just slow down and just concentrate on your
breathing. And if you already have your a TM routine,
I'm sure you could do it in there. Just do it in there. I'd probably be amazing.
You'd want to buy a house with an extra garage bay.
So you say hey yo, guy had one. Like he actually,
I knew a guy who had one in a sh.
I didn't know him but I knew the guy who installed it.
The guy installed a shed in his backyard just so we out of the tank. Really?
Yeah. So we bought like a, you know,
like a tool shed that you could buy and build. So he built this shed,
had electricity plumbed out to it, got like, you know,
must've got some sort of a building permit and then a plug this fucking tank
into the shed. And uh, that's where, you know,
cause he wanted one so bad and his house and he didn't have any room in his
actual house. How often do you do it and what does it give you? Well,
I do it whatever I can. It's what I like is once a week.
If I get once a weekend, that'll be awesome. Wow. That's a lot.
Lately I haven't been lately. It's been more like once a month. Right. But, um,
when I do get in it, I just, uh, I just can have a better perspective.
It makes me, it calms me down.
It puts me into this place where things, I'm not connected to the world anymore.
So I feel like I can look at the world from an outside perspective.
And you can do carry that with you when you leave. You mean you carry something?
I mean, I think all these things are cumulative.
You know all the books you read, the documentaries, you watch,
all the conversations you have with insightful people.
All those things have in an accumulation effect. Right? Like you,
as you become exposed to more things and talk to more cool people and listen to
more cool ideas and have these cool conversations with people, your,
your perspective enhances. Yeah. It just does now. It does. It seeps in. Yeah.
Yeah. No, I totally buy it.
I think we should think of your perception the same way you think.
We think about other skills that like some people are really good at running
with a football, right? Super hard to take them down. They just,
they're so good at anticipating your moves and getting out of the way and they
have, they have everything down, right? Yeah.
I think that's the same way with everything.
Everything including your own perceptions of life and your own,
the way you view and the way you manage your own life.
I think you can get really good at it where things come in your way.
You just whoop out, not today, motherfucker. Oh Shit,
not me and ain't getting me. And then, or you could be that person who's like,
uh, you know, super uncoordinated, unathletic kid. All rejection. Yeah.
Who is trying to tackle super athlete. Right.
You know right now 100% but I think we talked about it that way because the one
way is thoughtful. The other way is thoughtless. Yes. That's the,
I think that seems to be like kind of the key physical,
just paying attention to that aspect of your life.
That definitely has an effect on it.
But what I'm saying is also that that is definitely true.
But what I'm saying is also that I think the way you interface with life is a
skill and I think we don't think of it as a skill.
I think we don't think of it as something you get better at or that we even try
to get better at. And this includes the way you communicate with people.
This includes like the friendships that you have and the making sure your
friends know that you love them,
making sure your friends know you care about them. Like all these things are,
this is a part of the way you live life, like and you,
you get better at this as a skill.
We only think of skills as things that we decide to do.
Like I want to play piano. Oh my God, you have a skill at playing piano.
I'm a really good golfer. Oh you have a golfing skill,
but you don't think of like the way you interface with people and the way you
don't think of that as a skill. No, I know we should. Yes, absolutely.
That's what I always think of that in terms of like the interpersonal stuff,
just in basic manners.
Like there used to be real guidelines for how you said hello to somebody and
when you took your hat off and how you said goodbye and all those little,
all those what were perceived as stuffy, mannerly,
things that people had to do stuck up, people had to do.
They're helpful. They're really like how to act at a funeral,
how to act at a birthday party. All those little rules. Etiquette. Exactly.
And it used to teach core courses in etiquette. Yes. And without it.
It's kind of like, it's stupid not to play with it because we all,
we need a bit of all this stuff we're talking about is creating your own little
guidebook to get through life.
Do you think they still teach etiquette in any high schools?
Is that a set on a focus of study? We have no,
we have such little money for schools. They're getting rid of art.
They're getting rid of Jim. There's probably,
this is probably not a lot of etiquette.
That seems like a critical life skill though. It is really.
It really is because how you, the one of the things that's true is how people,
how much people enjoy being around you.
That makes your life more enjoyable and people don't think of it that way.
They oftentimes think, I want to be the one that's joining life.
Like especially selfish people, right? Think of what they want. Right?
But if people enjoy being around you, right,
you'll enjoy everything more. This is what they don't understand. Like the,
the solo effort that's right.
Of going through life like with a narcissistic perspective.
What are the major problems with that is there's no one to share it with cause
you're all out for yourself. That's right. Even if you get there,
you're going to be filled with sadness and despair. That's right.
It's not what you want, what you want it to be happy. Right. Well,
I know you think that you have to be all about yourself to be happy,
but in fact that is a way to insure unhappiness regardless of success.
That's the mind fuck. Yeah, exactly. That's the mind fight. Well,
you think that these small things wouldn't have a big effect on you, right?
You think that, well, like uh,
having a sense of community going to the same shops all the time,
you would think that's just me doing Aaron's. No,
you're now connected to the woman that works at that pharmacy.
You're connected to that bagger at the grocery store.
You're connected to that person at the church,
whatever it is in your little world,
and you think you're just going about your day, but you're not.
You're getting enriched by these,
by these interactions with people dealing with the other human beings. In a,
in a nice manner is rewarding and it gives you a sense of place.
It gives you a sense of belonging is a sense of love, all of those things,
but you have to learn that yourself. That's the province trip.
But that's yet nobody guides you along the path.
It's an important perspective. I mean it really is. Yeah.
It's an important angle on
life.
They look at it this way and you'll benefit greatly and you also bring up those
around you. Right. That's an also bring up those around you,
benefits you greatly. That benefits everybody. Yeah,
and when you're in a position where you can help your friends in that way and
you support each other and you build each other up,
when that person has success, you get great joy.
Like great satisfaction from seeing your friends succeed. Right, exactly.
I have a hard time, especially, I mean,
I don't know how it was when you were starting out, comedian,
but I had a hard time with other people's success when I first started out and I
think we all did because nothing was happening for me. I was like, God damn it.
How did he get that show? Oh my God, how did he get this right?
It's a dumb way to look at it. And I had to recognize that it was dumb.
I had to learn me too, just by paying attention to myself going,
why don't what is wrong with you?
Like I w I will occasionally talk to myself as if I'm me outside of me going,
what the fuck is this? He's like,
sometimes it's the only way to really look at yourself, right? It's hard to do,
but if you just, how would I feel if I wasn't me?
If I was outside of me watching me, I'd be like, what do you,
what are you bitching about that guy? Get a thing that fucking idiot.
You're not even working on yourself. You sitting here complaining about stuff.
But that's default for so many people.
Well, that's envy, right? Right.
And it's very easy to have when you're discovering yourself and trying to make
your way and as, as a comedian and you're like, well,
I'm doing all the right things. People laugh at me.
Why did that guy just show up? And he's on MTV and I'm not sure
or I mean, and that also exists in in haters, right? Like when you see someone,
especially when it comes to sports teams,
you see some of the guys that are like sports haters or they'll call this guy a
pussy and this guy fucking sucks and he's a bum and he's a this. And he's like,
yeah, how much effort are you putting into your own life? Right?
How much are you putting into shitting on this guy?
Well, it's easier to do that. So much easier. Instantaneous. Yeah,
it's right there. Instant gratitude or gratification rather. I remember I had,
I had the same thing that you did. I was in New York,
I was working at the comedy cellar and I was just getting angry and frustrated.
I couldn't get on Conan. I wanted to get on Conan.
I just wanted to get on Conan.
And it wasn't until I stopped paying attention to what everyone else was doing,
consciously like told myself, don't even go in the room, don't even,
don't read about other people. Just blinders put blinders on.
This is just you and your little path,
enjoy yourself and go about it and try and really shut it out.
And that's when everything got correct and when it got correct,
that's when I got Conan.
That's when all these things started happening because I was only worried about
myself and then later on now you have perspective.
You can watch other people and actually have joy that these people are doing
these things. Conan is the nerd seal of approval.
Your inner Canadian yet? I mean not in a good way.
Like if you're a smart comedian and you get Conan, that's like damn,
you nailed it. You got the smart show. That's the smart show. Yeah,
it was always, I did it. Yeah, isn't a, the first one was in New York.
Yeah. When he was in New York.
My one of my friends was writing for him and the early, early, early, early,
early.
Yeah. Well he was so creative. Like he had such a, he's a writer. Yeah.
He was a real funny writer and then everything came from that.
So you want it to be a part,
like if you couldn't be hacky and get on the show.
So like you had to be working, you had to be try and be unique.
Like it was a seal of approval that you were comedically unique and that was
important.
I knew a couple guys who worked for him. Um, Brian Kiley,
I think he's still there. Yeah, he's still there. Yeah. Yeah.
Brian and Laurie Martin. Oh, I don't know Laurie, but uh, I knew another guy,
uh, Amir, Amir Golan. He uh,
his stage name was stage name was James Lemur. Funny Dude.
But he worked for him.
And when he and I were friends and I went to one of the early tapings,
it was weird to see because they had scripted conversations and eventually that
he went on to become so comfortable on stage where he just would ask questions
and then play off and riff. And,
but in the early days they have their conversation scripted. What do you mean?
The conference? So like him and the guests and, no, and what's his face?
The guy is sidekick. Andy Richter. Him and Andy Richter would have,
there'd be reading off Cue cards. Oh really? Yeah. So they have to,
they would know what they were going to say. Basically doing like a sketch.
That's a writer, right? Yeah.
It's like they had written out the jokes but it was like,
of course the network wanted that because they wanted to make sure it was funny.
How do you know it's not fun? Write it funny. Right.
Don't take a chance that you guys are going to be funny.
It's just so funny because they seem like such naturally funny like,
but it's hard when you have all these people on your back to free yourself up to
let
to fail.
Well the early days of any kind of a new talk show are so risky.
It's like who the fuck knows where this is going to go? Hey Yeah Sydney.
Oh he was one of the only guys that like figured out a way to to break into that
system. Right. Like George Lopez did for a little while.
But that late night system, it's the, it's all fucking hard thing to do.
It's a grind. It's a grind.
Cause everybody does a version of the same show that Jack Paar did in like 19
zero and yet and yet like trying to do something completely different fails a
lot of the time. Yeah. But they all have a desk.
You sit at the desk to get desk sits next to them at the desk,
which is a fucking
wholly weird way. You have a conversation. He came over a guy's house. Yeah.
And he's above you in a desk. It's an elevated desk. If they're elevated,
I know. Elevated. But you know what's weird is like when James Cordon does it,
like they're all on chairs and there's no desk and it's just like leaning into
each other. That's weird. Or weird or, yeah, I don't wanna see your legs.
I watched it once and it was like three people on the couch together. I'm like,
what the fuck happening? What's going
on? Strange. She, yeah, it's, it's weird. Well,
I'm so spoiled by podcasts.
I'm so spoiled by no time constraints.
I'm so spoiled by all of it. But you know it's a,
it's kind of, yeah, you spoiled is when Bernie was on last week,
I listened to your Bernie episode.
It was so good because I never got to hear him.
Just brief. Yes to just hear him talk. Yes,
he's super reasonable.
Anybody just to hear them just go for a length of time.
You really get to know who they are when you're trying.
Even in these late night shows, it's just boom, boom, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop,
soundbite, soundbite, soundbite.
You don't really get a sense of who these people are. It's impossible.
I'm sure some people listening right now wish this was Tom.
It's a soundbite but no, but it's like if you were on a show right now,
like one of those panel shows with his five people on,
they come to you real quick and you have like 15 seconds of talking.
You're worried that someone else is going to jump in and try to stomp on your
punch line, which does happen.
Have you tried to do a show and it was like just us and our friends, right?
It's like,
it's like crystal Lee who was in the air and Brian Cowen was in here and we were
all talking like, man, you, you, you better get something out quick. Right?
How many other people in the room? Yeah. This is what those debates are like.
It's like a condensed version of a conversation and you also have an actual
physical time limit. Like you have x amount of seconds to respond and that,
and then they start talking over you and I know time is up, Susie, MR, senator,
Mr Senator, your times up, it's your center. It's not like, okay,
I know it's the sentence you fuck. It's no way.
It's no way to really understand people and you have to be a forceful moderator,
but then when you are a forceful moderator,
you're like injecting yourself into this conversation. Yeah.
America doesn't want, that's a good way for people to hate.
You want people to hate you. Yeah. It'd be a g, a shitty moderator.
Your laundry, you're on a presidential debate.
Everybody's going to fucking hate you. Everyone's going to hate your guts.
It's one of those weird ancient holdovers from the past that is wholly and
completely unnecessary and in fact probably kind of fucking dangerous because
you're, you're,
you don't ever get a chance to see what a person's actually like.
You just get a set chance to see their show.
Will you also Donald Trump show like Donald Trump and his show? I'd lock you up.
You'd be in jail like that kind of shit. Right, and everybody cheers.
Roids that's a show. It's who's best at television. Right, right, right.
And he's a fucking television guy. He's a television star.
Then those clowns star. Yes.
It was like watching Jane salting when he came through and was debating against
the Republicans in the, in that run up to in, in all those debates,
he got up there like a comedian. He was like, I'm going to talk about,
I'm in the moment. I'm going to call everything out.
I'm not going to play this bs of all your little etiquette that you've got going
on. And he, he was a star. He was a star. He knows how to work.
It still does.
This Biden thing that he's doing now is he's constantly making fun of Biden,
calling him sleepy Joe Biden,
and he shows like some misquote that Biden said,
does anybody that's something about we're, we're here for the facts,
not the truth or something like that.
What is the crazy Biden quote that he had that everybody's been making fun of?
Well, listen, this, I say stupid shit all the time. Everybody does,
who talks a lot. But if they talk a lot,
you're gonna Jumble your words together. You're right. I do it all the time,
of course. But if you're running for president, man,
they find something like that. A jumble here, a jumble there.
You better be ready to defend yourself. That's right. And he does a thing. He,
someone has to act the way he acts. Exactly. You've got to be in the moment.
You gotta call things. I gotta be honest. You gotta be a comment.
You gotta be a comic. Yeah. Trump, when he was running,
he reminded me of like the comics from Long Island, big, loud insult comics.
Biden tells I words we choose truth over facts. What, uh,
what does that mean?
That he might've wrote that truth over facts to see what he said.
How he said it. How did he say it?
Cause he might've been like we true suit truth.
Choose truth over facts and that's not good.
What were you together? And Ladies and gentlemen, it's time to get up.
Everybody knows who Donald Trump is. Even his supporters know who he is.
We got to let them know who we are. We choose unity over division.
We choose science over fiction. We choose truth over facts.
And so folks, if you're interested, join me.
Look,
we all mess up a line here in this seems like a remote control with a shitty
battery where you're like,
it's kind of getting the volume but not quite. Yeah,
high and changes the channels. You got to move it around Bro.
He's got so little juice left in a tank.
Donald Trump will chew him up unless he gets a good doctor.
You need a good doctor used to get on steroids immediately.
Don't you think Trump take something for sure. Yeah.
You can't be with age and not be able,
you got to take something and he's got billions of dollars.
Why wouldn't he take something? Of course he's supposedly,
he has been on some sort of form of amphetamine prescribed by a doctor in the
past. I was like this, that gives him the sniffles.
That's why snuffling all the time. But that, but he also got to have a cold,
I mean he's fucking eight years old and he's the president United States,
I'm sure. Fairly stressful job. But he um,
there was a journalist that was claiming that he had some sort of diet pill,
prescription and even brought up the pharmacy where you got it fulfilled. Right.
Who knows if it's true. Who knows if it's true or not. Right.
But so many people were on Adderall today, so. So have you ever taken it? No,
I have not. I'm scared. Jamie came. He saw me throw it away. That gave me some,
allegedly I would like to try,
cause he's not a criminal and I don't have a prescription. I would like,
I imagine it's probably pretty fun to write with.
I would imagine it would, it would kill a lot of your creativity. You think so?
Yeah. Because I think it would be great to organize with, that's how, um, uh,
the late great Robert Schimmel, that's how he described it to me. He,
I loved him. I loved him too. Um, he, uh,
he gave me my first Starbucks ever did. He really? Wow.
And you guys were on the road together or something? Yeah,
we were in New Jersey and I'm like, no, you know,
I stopped drinking milk and stuff. He's like, come on, come on, come on.
He was always a sweet guy. I, I miss him really bad. He was so funny.
He was a great person too. So sweet. Super Nice. Fucking hilarious.
So funny. Do you ever hear his Siegfried and Roy Jokes? Yes. Yes.
Yeah. This shit ends tonight.
Oh my God. What? I'm, he had a heart condition, right? You know,
that accidentally took an Adderall once.
[inaudible] he thought he was taking some other medication.
I forgot what he accidentally took the Adderall and he goes,
I fucking freaked out. I called my doctor. I'm like, Hey,
I'm talking to you was telling me what the milligrams is. How much did you take?
So I took one of these. He said, don't worry about it,
but you're going to be wide awake for like the next 12 hours. Wow.
It's not going to kill you. It's not that bad. You're not dying. And he goes,
I went over all my notes and he goes, I started organizing things.
That's what I've heard from people and they take Adderall.
It makes them like want to organize Sha, which is weird,
but not create necessarily. If you give me speed,
I'm going to want to go run up a hill or something, but I'm like,
I want to do something stupid at your desk. I want to organize.
I want to be like [inaudible]. It would explode. I just said, imagine if I'm,
if I'm on some kind of speed, I'm going to want to do something stupid. Yeah.
You know, I always have, you want to be physical. If I drink coffee,
if I drink too much coffee, I'm just start jumping up and down somewhere.
I've been drinking a tone aid with coffee, with caffeine,
and I forget it makes it, it's like this little drink.
I'm one of the ketone companies that sends me Shit. Oh,
it's a bunch of Quito companies. Nope. They'll send you a send you stuff.
HR stuff. I apologize to the company,
but they make this shit that has caffeine and ketones together.
Fucking the wonderful before exercise. When you're grinding your teeth,
just talking about it makes you want to go crazy if you want to.
Real good weight lifting exercises. Right. It's good.
Just kinda good at this stuff. I don't know. Caffeine is good to workout on.
Fuck. Yeah. It's great for lifting. It opens you up. Yeah. Opens up the vessels.
Yeah. Makes you shit your brains out though. You gotta be careful on correctly
the worst the way. When I go for a run and a half mile and you're like, oh,
ketone aid probably. Oh, is that it?
Is it his company? I'm looking at me. He's probably just doing,
I looked it up on the ball with them. No, that's not the same stuff. No,
it looks different, but I think he's giving me some of that too.
I think it's very similar. Does that have caffeine in it?
You still eat that way predominantly? No, no, no, no.
It was too rigid and it wasn't enjoying as much. But I do eat a very low carb.
Um, high protein, high fat diet. That's your balance. Yeah, but I fuck off.
I'll have a brown butter and jelly sandwich if I want one.
We're going to have so much fun at Busan. Frank's whoo join it.
But I will eat like cream of corn, stuff like that. But it's like for me,
I try to think of it as an 80 20 thing.
I eat 80% super healthy and 20% I'll allow myself questionable choices.
That's good. Yeah. Not, not like sugar. I mean, I know that's not, yeah,
but not like 20% dessert. You know what I mean? Right.
If there's not 20% of my diets on ice cream or candy or something like that,
I might have spaghetti with clam. Right, right. You know what I mean? Yeah.
Which is not the good food, right. Vegetables, meat.
That's what I mostly eat. No fruit. Yeah. I for sure in the morning mornings,
usually before first workout, I like, uh, I like fruit and hydrates. Yeah.
It's easy to,
it's easy on your body and you can work out on fruit with no problems at all.
I could run like hills with like a couple peaches in me that's not gonna be
sick. How greater peaches right now? Right now, peaches hitches or, ah.
How did Georgia gets so connected with peaches? Think about that shit. Right?
If you think about peaches, you think about Georgia.
This is not God damn events. Maybe Hawaii and coconuts, but no, right.
Is Georgia and peaches and peanuts. Oh, that's what Jimmy Carter, right? Yeah,
but what other Florida oranges, I guess Florida oranges, but I think Georgia.
Wisconsin cheese. Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah, but that's like dairy. Yeah.
That's a process. Food you're making like build up a fruit that grows in Jersey.
Tomatoes. Yeah. That's like if you were playing family feud, dub
jazzy tomato. Let me see. [inaudible]
long
survey says I'm still doing the voice from the Hogan's Heroes Guy as family feud
off. He just noticed that the Dawson, Richard Dawson, he's the original,
I stick with him in 80 90 Onco. Steve Harvey. Nope. Well,
there was a guy in between him and Steve Harvey, the Guy Committed Sanderson.
No, there was going to kill them, so yeah, that's right. Ah, smell that guy.
Yes. Yeah. Dead on the feud. Yeah. What did he do?
Did he die while he was hosting it or did he quit and then kill him?
So I don't remember who he hung himself. All right. Yeah, I think so.
He was the host of family feud, right? Yeah. Yeah. But I think he had,
I think it was c, the second host, I think it was over rake homes. Brick homes,
homes. He was the second host. Correct.
Probably couldn't live up to the shadow over at your doctors. Yeah. Yeah.
That's the guy man telling me sappy. Tell me that couldn't be a great movie.
Right? Like there's something about that Gig, that smile.
Go back to that first picture with his hands up in the air. I could,
I could see, I could play that role. I could. I could see you playing that role.
If I was going to go with Steve Carell, but see he's not available.
I'm trying to make some money here.
Crazy movie about a guy like,
do you remember what movie they did about Hogan's heroes? Guy About the, the,
the elite of Hogan's heroes. Now the guy who was with, um,
Richard Dawkins on Hogan's heroes, one of the guys who's with it.
What the fuck was his name? There was a movie called Gong Shot.
No movies called autofocus. Autofocus. Willem defoe. Yes.
Willem defoe was one guy,
but then there was another guy who played the Hogan's Heroes Guy.
What the fuck's his name? Bob God.
Oh yes. Yeah. Crane. Bob Craig. Thank you.
Bob Crane's Greg Kinnear. Yes. Brass. Yeah. Right.
You can hear it was excellent. Yeah. And it was a real porn habit, right?
He would make porn and he would make it with Willem defoe.
Apparently they'd be filming girls and then they think the Willem defoe
character killed them. But I don't think they ever solved the crime really.
I think it was one of those murders where they never totally solved the crime.
I'm not true. I'm mashing two movies up.
Cause Greg Kinnear also played chuck Barris from the gang show who did,
he was in the CIA. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That was questions of a dangerous mind. Was that it?
So I'm feeling like that wasn't him though. God wasn't that him.
Who the fuck remembers anything too much? My stupid head butt.
Sam Rockwell. Sam Rockwell. That wasn't [inaudible]. Right, right, right.
You know, it's an amazing Sam Rockwell moving the moon. Oh yeah. Oh my God.
He's a, he's the whole movie. It's so good.
I'm telling you folks like this is all I'm going to tell you.
All I'm going to tell you is it's only Sam Rockwell for a whole hour and a half
and it's fucking amazing. I saw that in the theater in New York. Oh good. Yeah.
Is there even another actor? Is there one other actor in the movie? Maybe?
I think you're right. I think we're halfway through or something.
Someone shows out anymore. It's good. Fucking great.
It's a fucking great movie. He's such a good actor to watch.
Fossey Verdun he played Bob Fossey. It was a on FX. No,
it was a TV show. Yeah. About Bob Fosse, you know,
the choreographer and his wife Holly Tell you did that Verdun just like Chicago.
You did a version of jazz hands. It's really good.
He played, he's, yeah, he's really good at it. He's a great actor, man. Yeah,
he's really good. He was dating Leslie Bibb when Leslie Bibb.
Uh, I did a movie with Kevin James and Leslie Bibb was playing Kevin James,
his girlfriend, and my ex-girlfriend.
We're like competing for her love and I got to meet rock. What was the movie?
It was called zookeeper. Oh, cute kids movie. Yeah. Yeah. To our ball.
Thailand. Everything Kevin James does, which just makes me laugh.
It's a great guy too. Yeah. Mall Cops. Come on. Yeah, he's a,
I mean,
are there modern pratfall type super physical comedians and movies today?
I know. Like who is, he might be the last, yeah,
he was very athletic. He was very light on his feet. Oh,
he was a martial artist, is he? He's a very talented, oh really? Yeah,
he's very good. I heard he was really good at basketball. Really? Yeah,
I believe that. I mean he eats a lot for sure. He would not be denying that.
But he, a martial arts technique is excellent. Really. He's got serious power.
He's got really good punches. Really good kicks. He had a, a bunch of different,
um, different styles of martial arts that he, he trained when he was coming up.
Oh, interesting. Some of the, I think some of it was Kung Fu.
Some of it was karate, but it was, um, but he's, he knows what he's doing.
He played, uh, he, he played a mixed martial artist in that movie.
Here comes the boom. Right, right. Yeah.
He played a guy who was like a high school coach that was trying to raise money
for school. So he had some UFC fights. He's physically just so funny.
He is fine. Remember you like at the comic Strip early on watching him?
He, I think he was, he was famous already,
but he had a bit about picking out greeting cards,
being in front of the greeting card aisle. Yes. Yes, right.
Would like pick them all out and yeah, just physically without a word at times.
Just looking at the cards. So damn funny. He had a,
one of my favorite pits ever about,
it was back in the day when you had automatic locks on a car and when someone
would try to open the door while you were hitting unlock,
they would cancel each other out.
So you had this whole super frustrated bit about his girlfriend reaching for the
door and you know, and it,
it and it keeps canceling out and he's getting more and more frustrated.
It's no, I mean there's so many moments of that and kings, kings, queens,
all of his like physical, just frustration and, but like physical guys,
like I'm, if you really stop and thinking about, there's so few.
Like Chris Farley of course, was a giant physical town.
He was very rough crammed in that way. Jackie Gleason a big guy, but very,
very graceful. Yeah. Like, um, he was,
he was like an accelerated version, right? Yeah, yeah.
Of like John Belushi, like a larger, bigger,
more spastic, more crazy.
I mean he would fucking get sweaty and scream and right.
Whereas Belushi was like really physical too,
but they didn't get to that because it was wrong.
Like Farley is more in that Kevin James kind of lightness.
You know what Belushi had? Belushi had like this weird,
hilarious feeling of danger. Yeah. Like he was dangerous, but it was funny,
like in Animal House, he was dangerous. It was reckless. It was rock and roll.
It was like off kilter. Yes. When he smashed that guy's guitar,
when he was playing songs,
there's this danger through him and like blues brothers. Yes.
That is dangerous.
Yeah. That off-kilter kind of thing. No, Kevin James Farley.
They had a sweetness. Yep. It wasn't danger. It was,
it was energetic, but always you weren't in danger. But here's a quote, like,
I'm sure someone could do that Belushi thing without drugs.
Oh yeah. I'm sure. But no one has
no
[inaudible]
so sure that someone can do it. Drugs. Yeah.
Is that just being cocky? I was like, no, you don't need vitamins. Just, uh,
eat bread and lift weights. Yeah. No, you need vitamins.
But what was that was fueled by, yeah, that was cocaine, right?
That was probably a lot of it, but I think he was doing speedballs. Right.
So he's doing cocaine in heroin. Oh Man. How he died. Yeah.
That's how we're Chateau Marmont. Oh yeah.
I don't know. I don't know.
That's one of the things about like great wild people who's, who's,
who's really wild now like that. Nobody really, right.
I know that we want to throw into the bus.
Yeah.
Like cocaine wildness doesn't like,
or just like that reckless like danger, I guess.
What's his name has a little of it in his acting. Um,
Tom [inaudible] played Tom Hardy. Yeah. Yeah. He's pretty reckless.
He's got that kind of thing. Like, I mean, he did two movies. He did the,
um,
Dunkirk and Batman with his face completely covered and he still was able to
emote danger and, and like,
he was just able to express so much with half of his face. Yeah. Guys,
pretty serious. He's, he's a bad motherfucker. Yeah, for sure.
And good in that movie warrior.
You ever see that movie warrior said when he played two characters? No,
he played a fighter. Him and his brother, they wanna it was an MMA movie.
They want up fighting and seeing that um, um, Nick Nolte, he's in it.
He has this incredible performance. Nick,
no d completely steals the movie as this guy's alcoholic father who was a
formerly trained both of them. That's a wild man. It's, it's so good.
You forget how God damn good,
good Nick Knowlton like whether or not it's drug fueled or not,
there is something to actors who have some manic part to their personality that
the camera that they can harness, but still,
so it's not, it's not bullshit when they, when they film it,
you know what I mean? Who's,
that guy doesn't come off as fake and like melty phenom.
Mickey Rourke. Oh, it's him from different movies. So we're saying, okay,
I'm warrior and then Bronson. I, yeah, Bronson
was like his first big break. Have you seen the pictures of him playing Capone?
But the warrior one, look at the one in the middle. That's what's crazy, dude.
He got fucking Jack. Yeah.
When you see him in the movie mean he looks like a professional fighter.
I mean w there's no if, ands or buts. Nope. I mean, he really does.
He looks like a guy who could fight in the UFC physically.
He got his body into that form. That's hard to do, man. Didn't it?
Didn't Hanks get a diabetes from going up and down so much? Who?
Tommy Hanks. Tom Hanks went up and down and wait. Yeah.
How dare you compare a Tom Hanks to Tom Hardy? First of all, fuck.
We're good by Tom Hardy. Didn't do his fucking body. [inaudible] done that. No,
he didn't. Just not a fucking Joe. He didn't. The other thing,
he got real big and fat. Did you know who else did that? Like cast away?
He was really scrawny and then he was like a regular dude.
Maybe he fucked his body over starving himself to death. Jamie,
is there a picture of hardy is al Capone that's coming out.
It's not a great shot. Yeah. Do you know who else did that for?
A movie who got super jacked and they're like kind of a crazy way.
Jake Glulam Hall. Oh Wow. Look at that. Look at fucking score.
Robert or Albert Chino Rather Dick Tracy villain. Yeah.
Wow. Oh, they're saying he looks like a,
he looks like they're making fun of them. They're making fun to open shop. Yeah.
Al Capone. And that's a bad shot. Tracy.
That's Al Pachino playing a Dick Tracy character, right? Yeah.
He's playing out component Dick Tracy. Oh, that's what it was. Okay.
Know Jake Lillian Hall. It's pronounced. Huh?
Google that guy from the movie South Paul, the movie southpaw.
He was fucking jacked, Bro. He played a boxer. I mean,
fucking Shakey's look dude, look at that. I mean,
he looks like wow. Andre Ward in his prime. I mean,
that's how shredded he is. Oh my God. It looks like Roy Jones jr almost.
He doesn't look like a metal off bro. He's so shredded.
But how much of that is three animations? Oh yeah. Yes.
You just take steroids and luck. Yeah.
I mean maybe they've three d animated them. It's possible.
But he looked so good. Well, I mean, well maybe we should Google that. How?
Kayla, why don't you go back? Go back to that picture.
Go back to the picture you just had. How did Jake Willenhall get so ripped?
Okay. The man man blog. Click on that shit. Yeah.
I think he probably took some Mexican supplements and worked out look a
motherfucker. But either way,
there's no way you get that ripped without insane work.
Insane. Because it's too late all the time. Right.
All steroids are doing is helping you recover, makes you recover. You'll,
you'll develop more muscle quicker cause,
but you have to break down the muscle for the muscle to grow.
So you have to go through the workout. So it doesn't stimulate the growth of it.
Yes. But you can't be lazy and have that body fucking impossible. Right.
Since for five months long, you've been working out twice a day.
Even on Sundays. His workout regime was about four to six hours a day.
He started training as a fighter,
sparring with real opponents and taking in some real punches.
His boxing workout consisted of all the things that a boxer would do.
Shadowboxing heavy bag, speed, ball sparring, focus pads, double end rounds.
He says, I was sparring and really getting hit.
It helped me understand the sacrifice it takes to be a fighter.
You can't play a boxer and just look like a boxer.
You have to believe that you can exist in that world. Well,
that's a good character. He's amazing actor, but he is always dedicated.
He's always been an amazing actor. He's really good in everything.
I know there was something together recently. I just saw he was in,
I forget, he broke back mountain now playing games. That's what you're watching.
All right, Dave. He's um,
that's a rare person that can do that.
I don't care what he was taking that I don't care if you're working out six
hours a day,
there is not a fucking drug in the world that gets you that discipline. Right?
You have to do that. You have to do that yourself. You have to force yourself.
It's mostly willpower. Well, I'm pals with the, with um,
Jason Borne. Oh and he, Jason Bourne isn't a real person. It's not,
I'm sorry. What, who do you think Jason Borne is? It is,
he's a character in a movie. No, he's a, he works for the government.
Wait, how do you stay on pals with the Bourne identity? Yeah.
Why don't you stay on pals with Superman. Makes just as much sense.
Jason Bourne's on a real person. Wait, what?
Who he saying you're friends with Jason Bourne? Um,
he's,
he's seen Matt Documentary Friends of Matt Damon.
Oh yeah. Okay.
Matt Damon was at the end probably the night he was. Yeah.
I didn't get a chance to say hi if he hears this. Hi Matt Damon.
I love that guy. I'm very impressed with him. He's great.
He seems like a really interesting person too. It was like his very,
very wise person. He is, he's very smart anyway,
but watching him for the last born movie, he knows how to fight. Yeah,
he's got a great trainer. Matt [inaudible]. Oh,
[inaudible] his name. He has legit Angela Dundee and I really? Yeah,
this is legit. He's a great guy. And, uh,
but watching the two of them train all the time and it was like when he dials
in, it's like that's their life. Well,
you can tell when you watch someone doing something in a movie,
whether or not they put the time in, right. Keanu Reeves in John Wick, right.
That motherfucker put in the time. I'm, I'm buying everything line and sinker.
I'm buying him kicking people's asses. I'm finding shooting people.
He shoots guns. Like a guy who's been tactically trained.
Like the guy's a real assassin. I buy every fucking second,
even though it's cartoonish and over the top and crazy. Sure.
But you can tell when you can't ask people,
flips them on their head and breaks her arm and stomps their head and then shoot
someone they're, I'm in.
Yeah. Yeah, he did it. He did it right. Legit.
That's why I do more comedic roles. Good move.
Do way less powerful pounding on the joints.
That's fucking when you, I like my friend Tate Tate Fletcher.
He just got a concussion from, uh,
doing a scene in a movie where he was doing some stunt work.
His Tate does a lot of acting,
but he also does a lot of stunt work to [inaudible] and he hit his head and hurt
it real bad, you know?
And like he's real light-sensitive right now and it's CVD and yeah, and Tate,
you know, Tate had a career as a fighter as well,
so he fought in the UFC. He had uh,
quite a few professional fights and a lot of sparring in between the
professional fights, not sparring rounds, you know,
so he's Kinda sensitive to getting hit in the head anyway.
It doesn't want to get hit in the head anymore for him to fall like on the set
white like that, that world of like a stunt man,
like we're talking about gene labelle, Brad Pitt character,
those are the toughest fucking people. Holly man, come on toughest animals.
That's a hard way to make a living man.
You're always falling out of the back of trucks and wreck and motorcycles on
purpose and yeah, exactly man. I wonder if the numbers,
the number of stumped man has gone down since animation 3d stuff has started to,
that's interesting is improved. I bet there's a lot less of it.
I bet you're right. But for some things, you need a stop person.
You need someone also to tell you what those guys are. So wild though.
Like we had stunt guys that developed a lot of the uh,
events on fear factor. They developed a lot of 'em.
Like a lot of times what would happen was like the producers would come to the
stunt man and the stock man and they would say, hey,
this is what we want to do when to take a helicopter and throw someone off and
I'm fucking Bungee cord in between these two mountains. Like,
can we do this without killing me? Yeah.
And then the stunt guys has to look at it and say, okay,
let me see how we can make this so that no one dies. Right.
But they are willing to take so much more risks that regular person,
like their idea of like, you getting hurt,
they're not worried about getting hurt like a normal person right now.
Like Alex Honnold, right. The guy doesn't, he really doesn't have fear. No, no,
no, no. He's, that's different isn't it? Yeah. Yeah.
That's different because the stunt man, if that would be,
if Alex Honnold was telling you, you can climb that wall. Right,
because he's doing it himself. He knows he's really good at it.
The same thing about the stunt guys is this dunk guys,
they're not trying to get anybody hurt,
but they're not worried about getting hurt themselves. Like their,
their idea of getting hurt is slightly different than a regular person cause it
just so fucking tough. And they're used to doing it.
He used to jump it off fucking horses and shit. And Yeah.
So we had this one event where they were,
they were making the contestants ride bulls and it was,
there's only two times in the history of that show was like, don't do this,
don't do this. And that was a big one. And I was like, you guys are crazy.
These are bulls and this is, this is really what he said to me.
The stock guy said, he goes, oh don't worry about it bu these are stunt bowls.
I go there, stunt bowls. He goes, yeah, they're less aggressive. I go,
does that bowl? No, he's a stunt bowl. I bet he thinks he's a bull.
I bet he thinks he's a ball and I bet he's not.
Gonna like the fact that all these fucking people are riding him cause you're
having like eight people riding him or I don't know if he looks like six,
six people. Right. It wasn't a stent stunk ball.
I'd be so pissed right now that both launched these people through the fucking
air launched them.
The way you would shake a tennis ball off your forehand,
like if you had a tennis ball in your hand and you would just do like that
you're flying.
That's what those people did with these w w that's the bolded with these CPAs
literally hurt a ball and just underhanded it people would fly.
Did anyone get really hurt in the taping of that show at all? No, not one.
Just that. That is come on seven. That's what that was.
It was a lot of that for sure. With the bowl one, because the bull one,
the bull kicked in the air and was just barely missing people's heads.
She's dude, I was watching, I was like, this is fucking car.
I told everyone to not do it. I was like, damn, do people like, well I want to,
I want to get that 50 grand ago. I mean man, I get, I get what you're saying,
but this is not the time for you. He weighed 98 pounds. This is a fucking visit.
Another way to get this money.
It just seems like a way to get injured for the rest of your life.
What about the uh, uh, Mark Wahlberg? You see all his videos?
He gets up at two 30 and goes into the gym. You ever see his Instagram?
I have not. I did see a thing with him and James Corden though. Oh yeah.
James tried to do the workouts with him. Oh really? Yeah, Ma, he brought,
they went over to Marcie Mark's basement. Yeah,
they worked out together but he keeps posting like he gets up at two 30 were in
the gym, is a gym, gym,
credible and then he goes to bed at seven o'clock and cause he's up at two and
he's obviously working for him. Super disciplined guy. Yeah.
And he's in great shape. But uh,
James Corden tried to do the workout with him is pretty funny.
He's got a gym in his house. It's like a, like a gym. Gym. Oh, go into the gym.
Right. That's his whole house. So like his,
this section of his house where the gym is, is epic. So you know,
they had all these crazy workouts that were doing. Wow.
I guess if those are the roles that you're always doing, do it bad asses. Yeah.
Someone's doing lucky. Played a Mickey Ward and that movie, the fighter.
Never that. Yup. Yeah, he's got it. So he's doing those action roles.
Yeah. But you know,
you could sleep in to still work out at 10 why do you have to meet him at two 30
in the morning? No, that's not healthy for him.
Anything that's big about that is that you know that you are getting up early.
You'd know like my friend Jocko,
he gets up every day at four 30 in the morning and his entire Instagram is
photos of his watch.
Four 30 in the morning and crazy workouts that he's doing or shooting his bow or
you know, he's, when do you wake up? Jitsu?
I usually wake up around seven or eight. Seven or eight. Yeah.
That's how I like to do different things.
Early in the morning I have to take yoga. Some mornings I like to lift weights.
Some mornings I don't generally like to do Jujitsu at eight in the morning.
I like to do Jujitsu around noon to wake up. Right.
I like to eat something too cause it's so ruthless.
I don't want to be hungry in class. I want to be like at that right.
Hydrated and fueled like two hours after a workout, after a meal.
That's what we want to go into. Something like that.
But like something where I can just push myself and I don't worry about being
strangled and you're like, yeah, kettlebells or something.
I'll do a brutal kettlebell workout first thing in the morning.
I'll just have like a caffeine drink and maybe a couple pieces of fruit and just
go, yeah, it's good. I you,
you do spots late at night. So do you shut it down at some point during the day?
Do you nap? No. No, no. You never nap? No. No,
I don't think that I need it. Interesting. I don't feel it ever helps. Right?
Yeah, I'd rather power through but I get it if you need it.
If I felt like I needed it,
like I definitely took a bunch of naps when I got back from Italy cause I was
whacked out cause I would see chain fucked me up man.
I would sleep for like three hours and then I would wake up and I'd be like,
why am I wide awake around two in the morning? This is so stupid.
And then I would be up and then I'll get really sleepy around six I tried to
sleep for an hour, I had to wake up,
then I woke up again and that would take a nap in the afternoon.
It took like a good four or five days before that leveled out.
And I started sleeping on a normal schedule, but you work out so much,
you don't, you're burning energy like usually when you're really in shape,
you don't need naps. You shouldn't use TM for your, for your brain. Yeah.
That sounds like I should do it. Launch. Just give me a mantra.
Why don't you come up with a mantra for me?
I don't want you to become an instructor. You've been doing it long enough.
I don't want to go to some other dude. Diaz does Diaz. Yeah. Which one?
Nick or Joey. How about Nate? Nate.
Nate Diaz. Now Joey. Joey, Joey Diaz. Just think Joey Diaz.
Joey's doing the dia. Joey do ideas. You could just do it.
You could just create it. Just use ohm. I mean, I don't understand why. Yeah.
Why do you have a mantra? What to tell us your mantra. I can't.
I can't. I'm not allowed. You can come and get me.
That's so not true. That's so not true. Now they won't come and get me,
but it's kind of a personal thing because it has no meaning. If I say it,
then you're going to say something back. Now there's something attached to it.
That's why you don't say, oh, okay. You know what I mean?
It's of your word.
It's just a pure sound that has no mental attachments to it in the earliest days
of religion.
Wasn't it a problem if you said God's name,
aren't there like certain sex of religion that don't think that you should say
God's name? [inaudible] whatever
God's name is, whatever. It's a tod Yeshua or whatever it is,
whatever the name of God is, isn't it? Oh,
why am I re trying to remember this sounds like a Jordan Peterson thing. No.
Yeah. He would know. He would know the answer to it.
Yeah. Well obviously, well,
obviously I like the way he says. Obviously that's pretty good.
That's very Canadian. He might be a Canadians by, well,
obviously you can't, you can't.
How you say you can't talk about the name without it coming back at you,
obviously. Is that for, that's pretty good, right?
He's one of the most misinterpreted guys I think I've ever met.
Not just willfully misinterpreted where people take the words and the things
that he's saying willfully misconstrue them.
They purposefully change what he's saying to make it more offensive,
more unreasonable. People are angry. Well,
it's hard to say.
I think part of it has to do with the way he initially came onto the scene. Oh,
because of the transgender thing is yes.
Was he was very concerned that they were forcing people to use certain language,
new pronouns, and people were saying like,
why do you have a problem with people's pronouns? And he's saying,
that's not what I'm saying.
The problem is not whether or not I would have a problem with someone's
pronouns.
A problem is being legally compelled to use these new words that someone's
inventing. He's like, I am not doing that.
Right. The government telling me how I can speak.
Exactly.
Not just that the government also being influenced by people who want you to be
legally compelled to say they're there, they're pronouns.
It's a slippery slope of control.
More than it is a thing of culture or of of morals or compassion or for being
progressive.
He's not saying that he's saying it based on his very deep understanding of
history and of, uh,
some communist dictatorships that have gone horribly wrong and some Marxist
philosophies that he's aware of that he thinks horribly, dammit,
damaging and dangerous if implemented on a large scale.
Like if you allow large groups of people to control language and to,
to legally compel people to say these new words, you're inventing,
this is not good. This is a bad path for humans.
Just historically it's a bad path. And so that's how he broke onto the scene.
And in that time period, all these people who opposed what he was saying,
they were labeling him as transphobic, they were labeling him as homophobic,
all these different things that are not true. Right?
Then he gets connected to this pepe, the frog thing, right?
Because he thinks it's kind of hilarious that the Internet has taken on pepe the
frog as like this meme. The feels good man.
Frog I know gets you didn't know the whole thing. The frog. Wow.
Where are you been living?
Then you stop meditating and read the fucking newspapers.
You know what I listened to all the time. I didn't know any of this.
I didn't know pepe. The frog is racist. No. Okay. This is serious. Okay.
You have to know this because there's,
somebody wants you to take a picture with his fucking pepe. The frog thing.
There are a certain group of people out there who will decide Tom Papa is some
sort of all white white nationalist white supremacist Nazi person.
No bullshit. A fucking frog. A frog. Yeah. You know why? Why?
Because some people have used that frog in a negative way. Some people,
most people use that f frog as a joke, like feels bad man.
The frog is like mm. And then it's an animated thing. Just a frog,
a cartoon of a frog. But the alt right,
or I shouldn't even say the outright,
people on Internet forums would constantly and consistently use that frog as a
joke about everything. Like they had, they had Donald Trump's hair on that frog.
But it's more humor and mocking and making fun of things.
And as the British would say, taking the piss.
So he's taking the piss with the frog.
But there were a few that would have the frog with like a swastika armband and a
fucking Nazi hat on. Why? Because they, cause they're internet people.
Like if you leave something on the Internet eventually long enough,
someone's going to put a Nazi flag. Yeah.
It doesn't mean that it's a symbol of Nazis,
but it's a symbol of white supremacy because that's not what it was.
And so he dared logically argue this. People were very,
very upset. He was defending. Yes. These defending white nationalists. No,
it's a fucking cartoon frog guys. And it's not only that,
it's a cartoon frog written by a guy who specifically sued people to get them to
stop using the cartoon flag.
Even Alex Jones had a pay out of lawsuit because Info wars used an image of that
cartoon flat. Can you see if that's true? I'm pretty sure that's true.
I put it was a nominal amount. It was like he lost it in corporate.
It was like a very small $15,000 to pay for Alex.
That's not a lot of money settlement. It's a settlement.
So I'm sure he paid way more in legal fees to deal with something like that.
I'm sure they had to put together some sort of a defense for $15,000 I'm sure
that probably cost a shit load of money.
But the point is that this frog has like all these different meanings.
So as soon as it gets connected though to an awful thing,
then immediately like you got to go, okay,
well you can never use that frog again. Right now. The frogs corrupted.
Now given what we know and here's where it gets really weird,
given what we know about the Internet and specifically foreign influence on
memes like Russia,
there was factories that were making funny memes about Hillary Clinton,
funny memes about all kinds of things and doing so in order to get people upset
or to laugh or to mock mock certain ideas and and push the narrative one way or
another through humor. And they made some really funny ones.
There's a woman named Renee de Resta. She came on the podcast,
was explaining shit for a project.
She had to go through hundreds of thousands of these things. She's like,
some of them were really funny and these were ones that they know are made by
Russians, were made to try to get people upset about certain things because she,
how many of those pepe the frog things came from came from that, right?
How many, because if you,
if you had a frog that was mocking everybody and the frog like was a really good
symbol to make someone think that you're a fool.
So like you say something ridiculous and you're trying to push for something and
then that frog is a meme with you, what you're saying,
but he looks like an idiot.
All of a sudden you look like an idiot and the frogs mocking you.
Like you can't beat the frog. Right? But you can turn the frog into a Nazi.
So then when you turn the frog into a Nazi,
anybody uses the frog is now a nutsy [inaudible] so he got caught up in this.
Yeah, he took a photo with these guys and he's talked about pepe the frog.
I'm on my podcast,
I talked about and explained the whole thing to me depth.
And yet I've seen articles connecting him to white nationalists because there's
a photo of him with the frog.
She's Louie pull up photo of Jordan Peterson with pepe the frog cause he took a
photo with these guys where they had like a f a frog flag and he thought it as
what we're just saying that cause these guys that are taking the Piss,
it's like a flat Stanley or something sack. Right. It's like thinking innocent.
A man's Internet version of Flat Stanley and it's primarily a four Chan thing,
right? Is that really, Jamie knows this shit more than I do honestly.
There he is. So see he's standing there with these guys.
Those two fellows are holding up this pepe, the frog flag.
Jordan's laughing and smiling with them and one of them has a,
I think it's a make America great again hat on. Look,
these kids are human trolls. They're alive.
Troll on the Internet and then think of one that thinks it's hilarious to be out
there in public trolling with pepe the frog flag and make America great again
hat. Oh my God, he's fucking with people. This is what this is.
This is why obviously it's a lot of what internet culture trapped.
So he Jordan understands this and talks about it and discusses it in length and
he makes it make sense. Right?
So that's one other reason why people were upset at him and it's just very easy
to label people in certain ways.
Today it's very easy to label someone as a massage dentist. Right? There's no,
I know. If you listen to the breadth of his work, yeah.
This is not a bad person. He's a very good person. Very enlightening.
Like there's a lot of like real practical ways to,
you know, as he says, clean up your room and live right.
A personal friend of mine, I like him very much. Obviously you,
you, you, you, uh, how do you, how do you say you, you,
you think about these things you're trying to, you're trying to,
to Ah, you know, when you're trying to have a conversation,
it shows how actually articulate he is because you can't come up with things and
he would say that makes sense. Well, I know it's hard, right?
There's no catch phrase for him. Yeah, obviously.
But clean up your damn room. Clean up your damn room. Let's see.
He's got a lot of great advice and he's also a very, very insightful person.
What about all of his on a bad guy at all? Now he's just,
people have this horrible thing that they do today where and when they want to
dismiss someone instead of, instead of listening to them,
they're listening to them and debating the points that they have or analyzing
them in a, an objective kind way. They try to attack.
Everybody's attacking everyone. Everything sucks. Everybody sucks.
Everybody's stupid. Everybody's racist. Everybody's dumb.
Everybody's ridiculous. Everybody's a liar. Everybody, everybody's,
you're not on my team. You're on someone else's team.
There's just so much of that today. There's so much.
So yeah, I really enjoy listening to him. I enjoy all those, um, those biblical,
uh, speeches that he gives about trying to interpret the old testament and stuff
like that. It's a, it's, it's very, very interesting. It's very,
I've never heard somebody connect our practical,
trying to find our way through the woods to those writings.
Like you always just heard of it is growing up as a Catholic kid,
you can just kinda heard them as like their stories and their obviously,
you know, they're metaphors and whatever,
but I never heard somebody really say no, it's B.
It's how you treat your father and now the wait,
you're trying to figure out your way through life.
That's what these things mean. Like, you know, yeah. He is a,
it's a very fascinating listen.
Yeah. He's got a very unusual way of um,
interpreting biblical verses and stories from the Bible stories from, you know,
other religions as well,
where he's explaining like what and how it sort of interfaces with man's search
for meaning.
Right? Yeah, yeah, exactly. It's like,
like a practical way to kind of, you know, approach the world.
She'd gotten to two in a time when we have nothing to hang on to.
It's kind of interesting stuff to think about.
Yeah.
And that's one of the reasons why some people think that it's survived as long
as it has, that there is some merit in using it as a,
like a framework for living your life.
Yeah. You know, there's like some Prac,
like we were saying earlier of having some kind of a guidebook, you know,
to get you through life, like even just in the etiquette manner stuff. So,
so the big stuff, it's like, you know, I had a friend who's, um,
who's a father passed away and it's like,
it's a hard thing when you don't have a framework,
a guidebook to help you deal with that and get through the woods and you just
kind of out there on your own. It's just difficult in heaven. Right. You know,
and I watching my, watching my grandparents, my,
my two grandmothers who went to church all the time and they didn't muddy
themselves with whether or not this was, you know, the, the answer,
but it gave them structure and it gave them, okay.
So the neighbor died and we go to the church and we go to the wake and we go to
the thing and then we have cake. And then we sit and, and pay visit to,
to his widower, uh, to the widow, you know, the next week.
Like these things, these roots,
these pathways made them very happy people. It, yeah.
It wasn't like kind of overthinking well, is the church bullshit?
They didn't care about that. They didn't get into. Maybe it is, maybe it's not.
Is it that, is it all the answers? They didn't get that far. They just got,
this is how you deal with this funeral of your neighbor. You know what I mean?
There's like that practical little guidebook stuff that,
uh, we kind of lack right now. Like Wild West Christianity, right?
One of the things about wild west films, maybe it's accurate, maybe it's not,
but one of the things that I always enjoyed is simplistic way that they
interface with the world. The way they discuss the way things are. Well,
I guess we're just gonna have to go do that.
Then there wasn't a lot of Hammond in Hawn and everybody just got stuff done.
And they had that sort of pioneer mentality, right?
Like they were rough folks.
So if they were talking about Jesus and what Jesus would a good God fearing
Christian would do,
they had a very clear and distinct framework for where they would operate.
You know? And like they played by Christian rules. Yeah. I'm a good Christian,
so this is how I feel. And like you'd be like, wow,
there's simplicity and ruggedness of this Guy's vision.
Yeah. Yeah. And then, you know, is it corrupted by people? Yeah.
Is it, you know, going, do they use that to go attack some native Americans?
What's hotter? You know what I mean?
A pioneer woman who's hot,
who like a pioneer type woman who's actually hot,
who can like do chores and Shit and works hard. You know what I mean?
Like she survived and like you're out there, both of you clawing and scratching.
She's hot as fuck. Oh, hot as fuck. But yet a pioneer woman.
Something sexy as fuck about that. Right. It's a good one. Yeah.
That's a good one. And they had those big fluffy things.
They were in their legs under the dresses. Yeah. Like fucking
robbers or trying to take over the wagon shooting at them.
The masks on the first season of Westworld. Yeah, like that girl.
I got you Paul. That's right. That girl from Westworld hot as fuck.
She's so hot. There she is. God Damn Dude. That's the perfect world.
That's the perfect woman. A really, really hot, Bad-ass Western chick.
What does that woman's name again? She's really good too.
I don't think that she, whatever her name is as an actress.
What's her name is an actress chick. Would she like an an La comedian though?
Um, what's that? Would she like an la comedian? She wants some, only a Baldwin.
Who makes bread? Evan. Evan. Rachel Wood. She's hot.
She's not just hot. She's a really good actor. Yeah, really good.
Like you believe she's a struggling robot.
Trying to figure out if she's real or not,
and trying to figure out what these memories that she has are.
But she's also hot as the sun. Wu is
beautiful. She's a very specific kind of beautiful, like an uncorrupted beauty.
Right? She ain't like a Ho. Right.
She's not out there with like [inaudible] ass sticking out like washing a car.
She's high dignity. Well, she's a robot.
She's a robot, but don't show that one. That's not a good picture of her.
Get one of her, which is a
very personal relationship with your mouth, Bro. She's my hot robot friend.
Robot. If robots were that close to people,
like if you could actually make love to a robot,
that Westworld concept,
the freakiest part of that is that they fuck these things and kill these things.
It's not that these things become sentient and they realize it and they try to
escape the parks by. Do they feel like they've got skin like Kim or Simpson?
You can distinguish. They don't even know sometimes if their robots,
how about that? That's how good it is. That's pretty great.
I think that have sex with a robot. Fuck yeah, you would. Yeah.
He'd probably have sex with a balloon. I was going to say there's not much.
I wouldn't probably accept a lot of stuff.
It's just a matter of like what if someone said, don't have sex with this thing.
Your whole family dies. You'd have sex with it when someone says, oh,
I would never fuck a pineapple. Yes you would if your life depended on it.
Someone had a gun in your fucking head,
you fucked that pineapple or I'm going to kill your dog. Fine.
You'll fuck the pineapple. You have to just reach a breaking point, please.
Yeah, I do it again. So have you been,
have you paid attention as Jeffrey Epstein's tough. Yeah,
a little bit way things going on. I think a, Ah,
I think he, uh, if you had to guess,
I think the too many very powerful people, he had stuff on too many.
Very powerful people. Likely, right? Probably, yeah. Yeah.
They took the guy off suicide watch even though he's one of the most important
witnesses. Yeah. Weird.
A really creepy high profile case that might have connected a bunch of really
powerful people. This is, don't, I'm not, I don't,
I don't necessarily believe that it's, you know,
the people from like it's Trump or it's the democrat.
I think there's other very powerful people that would've wanted this guy to go
out for sure. You know what I mean?
No idea how many very powerful people wants to got to go away. He could sing,
right? He could sing for his freedom. My question is, is there,
didn't they give like a whole bunch of evidence and stuff from him that like
these powerful people would have? Oh yeah, yeah. Where's all that stuff? Yeah.
Yeah. You said
he didn't know that he had a cellmate. This is the guy that was a cellmate.
Well, what? How hard do you think that guy fucked him? Former cop,
Jeffrey Epstein reported he wasn't checked on for hours before his appearance
suicide, that that guy found him there. Like cab ID.
We think that that guy didn't kill him. They left a rope in there.
That guy could definitely kill him without leaving.
That guy looks like he could do some damp look at the guy's arms.
That guy could just wrap Jeffrey Epstein up in a bear hug and hang him himself.
Maybe he just choked him. Yeah,
I mean he could put that noose around Epstein's neck and then squeeze his arms
together and just pull on it until the guy hangs to death and then go home.
I got a phone, I'm hugged. How did that guy's jacked? It's huge.
Imagine you go to jail and high profile case and they throw you in there with a
giant bald guy, but it's like gross burger pictures. I'm stir crazy.
But look at this. This is like caricature of the guy.
You don't want to be stuck at [inaudible]. Exactly.
Literally is the guy in the bad movie. That's the guy you're waiting for.
You in the cell. Next Cop. Yeah. He looks like, what is his name?
Would he go to jail for it? Look at his name.
Cause West Chester county charge color's start Taglio the deaths of four men
stepping from an alleged cocaine drug conspiracy and bro,
he's that big and he's 51.
How many cops are smuggling steroids in their asshole to get to get to this guy?
How is he staying in that baby? So how he hung himself. So,
so they had like a belt or a rope left in there with him.
This guy probably said, listen, if you keep good and we need the Jewish,
I'll keep this fucking guy on ice. Right? They didn't. Uh,
they said this is the one conspiracy secrets.
This is the one conspiracy where no body believes the true store that I've
talked to. No, nobody except Michael Shermer who?
Michael Shermer, the guy runs skeptics magazines, friend of mines. Nice guy.
I couldn't disagree with him more.
He thinks that things just happen and people kill themselves. Oh, he,
that's his take. This guy's a concern. He likes a lot of conspiracy. No, no.
He silences conspiracy conspiracy. He likes. Oh,
it doesn't like any conspiracy. Oh, okay. And this one is almost predictable.
He's right. And we still like, no, he's right in a way.
And I think his concept is pull up his tweets so we can read what he's saying.
I mean, you're not in a good place.
You could see wanting to kill yourself for sure. You know,
make that a larger please. I don't know where he like he started it, but just,
just make it larger. It just seemed just like no scroll.
Scroll down a little bit there. Okay.
A new conspiracy theory development and upstanding regarding suicide.
They made it happen on purpose. This is for a sledding. Here it is. Here it is.
Scroll down. If some no name, pedophile dob by suicide in prison awaiting trial.
Anyone would anyone bother?
Concocting conspiracy theories about him being murdered,
murdered by clan to Stein, outside forces. Of course not as with JFK,
Diana, Maryland at all. Fame warps perspective in fuels.
Unwarranted speculation. First of all, [inaudible]. This is not unwarranted.
Second of all, if you don't think that powerful people have people killed,
your hilarious like that is willfully naive.
Yeah, they do do it says,
remember the adage regarding conspiracy theories never attribute to malice what
can be explained by incompetence or chance. True? Sure,
you shouldn't do that. It is possible, but what? What are the odds?
There's something. There's, this is something intriguing,
stinks so bad because he's in so many circles and touched so many super powerful
people. It's different powerful people. It's,
he's not just a pedophile like this. He keeps saying,
gave him a $70 million house in New York City,
gave him, give him one of his clients, gave he signed.
He was the power of attorney at the time. So he signed it over to himself.
But the guy let him do that.
That's the question is whether or not he knew it was happening. Oh, come on.
Like he just stole the house from the guy who's in control of a lot of stuff.
That's where it was coming out now. [inaudible] 70 games coming.
That's what's coming out right now. How would the guy who he signed it off on,
how would the guy not know this guy stole his house and not sue him?
He was in control of all of his finances. Right. But the guy was,
he was living in the house. Who? The Guy Wexner no,
I've seen [inaudible]. He bought the house for him basically.
That's what I'm saying. The Guy bought it for Epstein, right? Yeah,
but he who fucking buys you a $70 million? Hey, I don't know.
No one's bought me nothing. There's,
there's so many questions that this guy's about where his wealth was and then
the color of his house.
Didn't he own the eyeballs on the entrance and set the shit about the house?
That's crazy too. There's like cameras inside the house and Shit.
But the other thing was the house that's on the island that is the same color,
it's painted in the same way. These rarely flag is [inaudible] and this,
there was an idea,
people are wondering like how far this guy's influence goes and where it comes
from. And look at this house, Bro.
That was his house as his house on this fucking island island.
It's like a building there. That's a template here out on his island, Bro.
That's a dope dump. Oh, by the way, I think it looks awesome. Shay's,
I'd love that. If that was my house. Come on. God, how'd he get so much money?
Exactly. No one really knows. You have something to do with Victoria's secret.
Yeah. He um, he managed some money for the veterinary secrets guy. Correct?
He's the guy who gave him the house. Oh yeah. You know,
Bill Clinton flew on his private jet. No little son 26 times. Well, whatever.
No big deal. He was hung out of our logo. Yeah. But I mean,
I flew with them six times. I've never flown with it.
It'd be have to be my very best friends that I tour with all the time.
Have I flown with you 26 times? Maybe four or five when I made me really ever.
Maybe if we flew together it might be a little more informed.
Five it might be 10 it might be 10 I mean I've known you for years.
It's not been 26 times. So Bill Clinton swollen with his one guy. Why?
He's the president of United States, I think. Was he still president then or no,
it was afterwards. We went afterwards. I'm done.
I flew with Jeremy Probably 20 times and I'm making money. I like fly,
whichever. I don't have to pay.
I mean that's a lot of times to be partying with a dude.
You would think that you would find out about how that guy fucks said that when
he hadn't planned on the plane was sort of when he fucked up because he was,
that's when he stopped flying under the radar.
Who did Jeffrey up to when I went that day?
[inaudible] he's been like hiding ever since because that was like 2003 or four.
Oh really? That's when he got busted,
was shortly after that and he's been on the run since then. It wasn't a,
it wasn't Trump talking about it with Howard Howard Stern.
What was he talking about? Oh, about some young ladies? Yeah.
Like why were they talking about him? I don't know cause he was, uh,
I guess he was arrested or something. No, he was just in the news.
The arrest was later and that was part of the problem was that with the arrest,
the arrest was for some sexual thing with underage girls and you got a really
light sentence and then you still have to, we're freaking out about.
And then one woman pursued this pretty heavily.
She was a journalist and she produced pursue this story. That's where I was,
I tried to find out the Miami Herald, but that book I was telling you,
I just read about James Patterson.
He said everything that kind of came out in that story,
they already wrote about about 2016 and for some reason the media didn't really
pick up on it. He said he wrote letters to everyone. Well, yeah, that was when,
that was when this guy got that really light sentence was around there.
But this one woman kept writing about it and this is one of the things,
pull up the name of this woman because this one woman really doggedly pursued
this story is because of her.
And I think a lot of it had to do with her recognition that this guy had gotten
this creepy lights on. Yeah. Not to be confused downtown Julie Brown,
never friendly yet. Julie K. Brown. She was great. Like Michael B. Jordan
doctor. Not the, not the world's greatest.
No one wants their name is even close to this story about James Brown,
the fucking sportscaster. Well, that guy. Nice guy.
James Brown sportscaster. Yeah. How the fuck do you call yourself James Brown,
dare you? Like he owns that, right? Oh yeah. Michael Jackson.
If you're Michael Jackson and you're a singer, yeah, you're right. Right.
Yeah. Don't you have anyone in your camp telling you this is a bad idea,
isn't there to have those cuts like a knife? Guys? What's that guy's name?
The guy from Canada?
Nah, Nah, Nah, Nah. Nah.
Ryan. Ryan Adams. Brian Adams. There's Brian and there's Ryan. Ryan. Ryan. Yeah.
I can't write your fucking name right. You got in trouble too.
How about Ricky Adams? He'd be Ricky Adams. Ricky Adams. Well,
whatever happened to Bryan Adams. Man, that cuts like a nice guy.
That guy was awesome. Summer of 69 yeah. It's some great jams.
I think he's still playing casinos. Yeah, I really,
I've seen him in a tonight. Bristow, Virginia. They should,
I'll go to see him. We should make a road trip. He best. Yeah. Lube lie.
I'm sure it's a good show. We really have to start doing stuff like that. Yeah.
Road trips just to go to see ridiculous shows. Yeah. Dev Leopards out there.
Journeys out there. Did journey with the Japanese mayor. Yeah.
That's what that guy is. Bad Ass.
Fuck Steve Perry ever did in his prior.
I know some amazing Steve Perry still out there. I don't think he's performing,
but he's still around. What are you playing right now? Just try and crop. Wow.
Look at that line. Adams. That's all. Yeah. That was a star.
Post-Menopausal chimps at the summer of man.
What does he look like these days? I stretching here. He's working.
He's fucking that. He's ramps fit. Stretched out back.
He says Brian Adams. Yeah, Tim.
It's a weird black and white photos. He's got some snapchat filter on him too.
He's obviously a spiritually sound. He looks healthy working out. Well,
listen man, that guy was a, he was a rockstar when I was in high school.
That's right. And if he looks that good today, that's incredible.
He's taking care of himself. Must Be. Yeah. He's doing something right.
It's not running around after teenage girls live in a good life.
Floozies flying them or Bill Clinton's hook.
Absolutely. What are we doing today? Yeah, it's, yeah.
For conspiracy theorists right now, like for a Sam Tripoli,
you know Sam Tripoli Tin Foil Hat podcast man, who's going, oh God.
Couldn't be happier, but he's taken it to another level.
He thinks he's not really dead, that they faked his death. Ah, of course.
Jeez Louise. For conspiracy theory, conspiracy theory is obvious.
They look for the non obvious possible cause.
They do the exact opposite of what Michael Sherman was talking about.
[inaudible] theorists never attribute to mouse everything, right?
Everything is malice. All of it.
If it looks obvious, this is something more. It's so creepy.
God. Well got good. Who Cares how, what? It's good. He's gone.
Maybe not man. Maybe not. He's gone. Maybe not. Maybe if he stayed alive,
he could have told us some stuff about some terrible people that are still alive
doing things. He's the worst one. I don't know about that. He's a creepo.
How do we know that? We know he's a creep most likely. What?
We definitely don't know if he's the worst out of all those people that he was
creeping with. Yeah. The thing is,
if the guy really did film a bunch of people that are super powerful people
doing crazy shit, there's gotta be some stuff, right? Um,
if I was leading the investigation, I'd go after the hard drives.
That's where they keep it all on the hard drive.
They did find hard drives filled with stuff that he had. They did, yeah.
That he had with the very young girls and suggestive poses.
And I don't know if it was pornography,
but they were talking how many different photos of young ladies around on this
computer. All right. Enough with this guy.
But I don't know if they were young like illegal or young, like 18.
You know there's something weird about when you watch some porn where they're
pretending to be schoolgirls, you know, like,
you know the girl's 30 but she's pretend they always put them in an outfit
that's, there's something weird about those porns like what is happening there?
No, exactly. One guy's a Milkman, the other guy, you know, and he's just
comes over. I must, you bring up my fetish Milkman porn. He knocks on the door.
Girl answers. She's got pink tails.
My Dad's not home right now. Um, I guess, I guess you can come inside.
Next thing you know, mom,
how about watching the baseball game? You know,
and another thing that's weird about porn, there's a lot of step sister,
step mother porn,
step mother stepmother and step-sister dude with his stepmother or dude with his
stepsister. Exactly like dad marry some new floozy.
Dad's off at work and the sun, Sun's like 19.
He wakes up and he's got a boner and next thing you know step-mom's sucking his
deck. Now those are fun,
but it's very popular.
Well, there's a, you know, that's human. Uh, sexuality. There's, you know,
everybody has something they're into.
So I guess they make a movie for all of it.
Yes. But also they're always looking for a new forbidden thing.
So some regular porn is not forbidding enough.
It's not just two people that are hot that are getting it on. No, no, no, no.
It's gotta be something that shouldn't be doing. Oh my God,
we shouldn't be doing this. Right. That's a thrill for a lot of people. Right.
They feel sexually suppressed. So when they watch porn, like, oh my God,
it's a step mom. She going to do it. She got to take a picture of her.
So it's right. So it's like forbidden. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Like you with the Westworld thing. Yeah. Yeah. I mean,
that's the thing with people, right? They like,
especially when people get told what to do too much when they're young and then
develop this desire to do forbidden things, to be rebellious,
right? Yeah. I mean,
yeah, but it's all important.
Pushing the envelope thing too, right? You get bored. People,
if people like outrageous things and does outrageous things are not outrageous
enough anymore than they get more outrageous somehow or another.
Right. That's right. That's why he shouldn't go down the path. Right.
You should start.
That's why you're healthier working out like crazy or being obsessed with cars
or being obsessed with sports. It's like it's,
you want to get more and more extreme with it. What you're dealing with tires.
You're not dealing with human beings that are being trafficked through Florida
with the idea that they might have some fame. You know what I mean?
That'd be Florida. That's where it all happens. Right? All bad things were,
was that Epstein Guy,
Florida? Yeah. Mar-A-Lago Florida. You
ever see Rashida Jones, his documentary on porn? No.
It's pretty a devastating. Who's Rashida Jones again?
She was Quincy Jones daughter. She was on the, um, she's very funny, talented.
She was in, um,
parks and rec and the office and she made a documentary on just like all these
young girls that especially now with social media and wanting to be liked and
wanting to,
having all these promises of fame and that what you think is amateur porn and is
harmless.
There's really a very high percentage of these people are being exploited and
uh, yeah, it will make you look at porn very differently.
I'm sure I recommend it,
but is there any kind of acceptable porn? Yeah.
Like what if it's like 35 year old ladies that are just freaks or freaks just
they just wanna fuck on camera. They get,
they get a thrill out of people watching them. Fuck. Is that possible?
I don't know if it's possible. What happened? Question. Right. But yeah,
that is, yeah. Questions. You always worry if, but do you,
what happened to them?
Put them in that mind space because we don't have a fear about men. Well,
could you worry about men who are 35 years old who are having sex with women on
camera does do those trouble? You know, I'm not,
I don't think about them at all. Concerned about them. Right?
So we're concerned about the women. Is that right? Wait for it.
Because we're sexist. Are we,
are we putting standards on the females that we don't put on the males because
we don't think the women can handle it or that you don't,
we don't think they can make that choice.
We don't think that they should be allowed to make that choice.
Or if they do make that choice,
we think there has to be something wrong with them and they need to be
protected. Whereas we don't have those feelings about a man. I just know that.
So I think that when you're thinking about what leads you to that place,
there's a high probability that some man did something awful to that girl when
she was young.
And we don't think that such a high percentage of people that have had all women
have had to deal with some creepo at some point in their life. For sure.
And so I think it's built on that. It's like, well, you know,
I'd rather help her in some other way than watch these porn.
So is that something we inherently know and how do we know that?
Yeah. Yeah. Because men are big and aggressive and can do, no, no, no,
that's not what I'm saying. When you see someone that's in porn,
do we inherently know that they've been molested? Did we just know or do,
I mean we don't know,
but I think what have we investigated that like there is a high percentage of
women that do porn. This is a fact that have been sexually molested.
What I'm saying is your distaste for it,
is it based on the knowledge of that or is this an inherent perception that a
woman who would do that must be damaged? So something must be,
must have had happened to her when she was younger. That was awful.
Otherwise she wouldn't be doing this. Well,
it's like going to a strip club and you know,
probably 80% of the guys are just seeing somebody dancing in 20% of the guys are
thinking, wait, you shouldn't be doing this. You know what I mean?
I don't think 20% it's trip clubs. I don't know. Maybe higher.
I just maybe like, um, you know what I mean? I don't think we,
I think we're able to, I'm sorry to cut you off, but I think we're, uh,
I think human beings are able to not see everything that they want to see
because they're enjoying what's before them. I think you're right. For sure.
We definitely make rationalizations, right? But I'm wondering like, why,
if it's a man, we don't have any,
I guess it's because we don't think of a man of being, you know,
if a guy is a a s an object of sexual desire for women,
we don't think of him as a victim ever. I know,
which is unfortunate because there are a lot of things happen to young boys,
you know? But did you hear about this guy two in Katy Perry, you about the song?
No, no. She says maybe she, he's not suing her,
but he's accusing her of sexual assault. What he's calling sexual assault.
She pulled down at sweatpants and expose his dick to some people. Right, right.
And then that knee jerk reaction is, well, you're a dude.
You would love Katy Perry pulling your pants off. That's right. And uh,
but maybe he was really hurt by it. Who knows?
He needs to grow up here and get that. I Love Katy Perry. Yeah.
The pucks the problem. She pulls her pants down, but he gets to see your Dick.
Even when I was a young boy, there wasn't like I was,
it sounds to me like Katy Perry's trying to fuck you.
Leave Katy Perry cause that we think she was doing now.
Sounds like she pants them for fun. Yeah.
That's what sounds like Lucy sweatpants. Now,
if that was a guy doing it to a girl, I would say that it's sexual assault. Yes.
Think of it very differently. I would too.
If a guy was there and a girl bent over in front of a bunch of guys to pick up
her keys and someone pants during her vagina was exposed to all these strangers.
I would say that guy's a piece of shit.
Like imagine if that was your daughter or your wife, right? Some,
some guy pulls your wife's fucking sweatpants down in front of a crew of people
because I think we see the men as a threat, as a physical threat,
but if Katie Perry does it to a guy, I'm like, Huh, yeah, I know.
Yeah, and you can the judge. I'm like,
get the fuck out of it without explaining it or coming up for reasons why that
is the knee jerk reaction. A woman got arrested in New Jersey.
She blew a 14 year old boy.
They gave her a 10 year,
like a suspended sentence, so 10 years. She's on 10 year probation,
no jail time, and she keeps her teaching certificate.
Oh really? She was allowed to keep her certificate.
Stop blowing kids you crazy. Yet she probably blew the cop. Blew the judge.
God.
That's my thought on that always is if a woman's willing to blow a 14 year old,
she'll blow you two girls fucking crazy.
She's just love sucking Dick. She's, Oh my God, she,
you could talk her into it. It's all, and she's gotten standards. I mean,
I think every cop that the rest of 14 a lady blows 14 year every cop thing.
She'll suck his dick too, right? Don't you think they're crazy,
crazy woman? Yeah. Well, you don't think so. Do I think she's crazy?
Yes, for sure. But it's on a, so I think every crazy doesn't scare me.
Now there's something, you know, look, we all,
there's a lot of different ways to be damaged, right? And that's her damage.
But now what I'm saying is like, that's not hurting. What is she doing?
She's a grown adult. See how even you're looking at that,
there's a lot of different ways to be damaged.
But if that was a grown man having sex with a 14 year old girl,
you wouldn't worry about what fucking damage he has.
You'd be worrying about what damage he's doing. See, even in that situation,
you're worried about her being damaged.
I'm not worried about her being a damn man. But that's what you said. Your,
your, what you were thinking about was her being damaged,
not her victimizing the boy. Right.
Cause we don't think of it that way now. I know, I know, like right.
I mean when these stories started coming out when we were younger,
they've always existed. I know, but it, and it was, I always like, you know,
with your buddies it was like, oh I wish my Spanish teacher did that. You know,
there's been freaks throughout history. Yeah.
Crazy women that blow boys from as long as time memorial. Yeah.
There was word time, memorial, you know, time, time in Memoriam.
Memoriam yeah. Sexuality is such a weird, bizarre thing.
That's why they have to make all these laws about it, you know, to keep some,
again, back to the guidebook, right. I was reading,
um, about a country, I think fuck. There was,
I want to say, is it cashmere? Google this,
that 20% of all marriages start with kidnapping.
Yes. 20% of marriages in this country, in that country,
there was a country where 20% of all marriages start to kidnap today,
and that's not,
not in the 12 hundreds not during the gang has caught administration.
Is it like prom? It's like no,
they just kidnapped women and then they're forced to marry their kidnappers so
they don't get shame. Oh Man. Google,
20% of all marriages begin with kidnapping.
Just Google that. Google that, that sent.
Not the weirdest thing that's ever been googled.
That's a fucking crazy statistic. If I remember it correctly,
I would imagine is crazy. I think I wrote it down somewhere.
I'll pull out my laptop to find it.
Headline one in five girls and women kidnapped for marriage and Kurgastan
Kurgastan hers. One of the things was one and five where guys, cashmere,
cashmere is Pakistan. Besides the led Zeppelin Song. Todd
is it?
So it's only Kurgastan according to a study published that spot,
but see bride napping also occurs in places like Armenia, Ethiopia,
Kazakhstan, South Africa,
and particularly common rural parts of Central Asian country,
kidnapping. Just grabbing people. Well,
there's so many people and making them marry you. Geez Louise still doing that.
So 2019 but just stop and think about one out of five and that's with them
trying to keep it on the download. So what was it a hundred years ago?
A hundred percent a hundred percent nobody ever got married. Great.
There's a thing called groom nap, kidnapping.
That also happens where the eligible bachelors are abducted by a ride's family
and forced to marry. It happens the other way around. Oh my God,
these people are living like movie characters. So weird.
This is happening today. Yeah, we are so fortunate.
God. Yeah, here. Well, not just that.
There's some people in the western world. What do you see?
2009 in this place had been B, B hard.
B I h a r 1,220 for kidnapping,
for marriage were reported.
1200 kidnappings from marriage. People live there.
1,259 the Lord. It's just,
everyone's just kidding. Kidnapped. You know, we say we don't.
That's horrible dude. Imagine that that is fucking horrible.
Men are damaged and that part of the world, you know what I mean?
They have a long tradition of doing creepy shit with women.
That was one of the weird things about history.
The further you go back in history, the worst women are treated right. You know,
universally, you know, we say that again.
The further you go back in history of the worst women, the worst, worst women,
worse women are treated and treated worse the further you go back in history.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean of course.
What's the original image that we always got of caveman and cave woman dragging
over the head, drag Ragnar higher hair. Right? Right. Exactly.
How do we know that archetype? Yeah, why do we know that archetype?
That's a weird one. Yeah. Hitting her in the head and dragging her by her hair.
What? Where are we getting that from? Right.
Just taking cause is how it went down. Again,
why do you and I know that same image, same cartoons, is that what it was? Yeah.
Mine's a cartoon image of it. Right?
But why did that cartoon image it by that become so prevalent that we both like
where'd you grow up? New Jersey. I lived there too,
so maybe we both got it from the same part of the world.
Maybe we both watched zoom and then it was Boston, Boulder and San Francisco.
But that was a thing you thought of when you thought of cave men.
You thought of the man clubbing the lady over the head and dragging her by her
hair. Crazy. Men have a long way to go. Sure.
A long way to go.
The hangups that men have over women that turn into violence is still at this
late date in our human development is still batshit crazy.
There is such a violent,
they don't understand how to even like be around women.
They don't understand when they're rejected by women and it all is culminates
still in such a violent nature. It's bizarre.
Wasn't that what happened to the guy who owned the stand?
I don't know what happened.
I know what I didn't hear stands for what it's been explained to me that the,
the ex ex husband,
right of his old pair of riding to kill her and he was there and wound up
killing him too. So he was just coming up. That's true. I don't know.
I don't know what the, the whole story was,
but apparently I didn't know him well, but apparently it was super awful.
Like I know he was a nice guy. I met him a couple times. Terrible Maplewood,
New Jersey. It's a, you know, a man man. Again,
men crazy if it, if that is the case, if that's the story,
a man trying to kill his ex wife or killing his ex wife. It's just like man,
talk about lack of guidebook. Nobody teaches young men, frustrated men.
That's the story. So
I was correct. I was accurate. That's m says a
dad of two kill the crimes with stand owner, David Kimmel,
wits 40 year old married dad of two and the family's Colombian. All pear.
Karen Bermudez Rodriguez 26
yeah. Wow.
So there was nothing going on between the nanny and him. Fuck
man, man stabbed and all parent and her boss.
Horrible. [inaudible].
Yeah. Hey Man, nobody teaches these men like how to, how to be a man,
right. Of how to curb those appetites and deal with it and your violence towards
something else. You know, it's, it's still a big hole.
But also they were saying Colombian. She was Colombian.
I Dunno if she's from Columbia and if he was from Columbia too. I mean, look,
there's every culture all around the world,
but extreme violence and a lot of parts of South America and certain places.
Yeah, a lot here. I mean, it's everywhere. Anywhere there's dudes,
they get frustrated and they, yeah, but
more so, more so in a, in a lot of places in South America,
you know, and some areas that are like, you know,
I had this guy on who's an expert in Mexico. He worked in the, uh,
ed Calderon. He worked, um,
dealing with cartels and for the Mexican government. And you know,
the stories of this kind of tell you about the violence that's happening in
Mexico. It's fucking terrifying. And how many kids grow up,
like sort of enamored with this cartel life and get drawn into it and sucked
into it and just wind up these people wind up taking people to kill people and
showing them how to cut people up and getting them accustomed to doing it.
Oh my God. Yeah.
And did they seem so normal when you meet them and then you realize that they're
literally training kids to murder people and chop them up and you're like, what?
Yeah, yeah. Dark out there.
So if you fuck that guy's old pair or rather if, um, you, uh,
live with that guys or if she just decided
to leave him.
Yeah, I mean, I don't think he was, I don't think anybody's,
I'm saying that he was having an affair, but if the guy thought he was,
because the guy was, you know,
if you're a man and your ex wife is living in a house and there's a man in the
house, you assume like you're a piece of shit,
you assume that they're having an affair, even if they aren't. Right.
And you would just, if you were trying to kill her,
you'd probably try to kill him too.
Or maybe he was trying to kill her and the other guy just happened.
He'd be there and he killed him. Either way,
that guy went to the house with the idea, I'm going to kill you. Right.
My point was like, if you could, if you have a dangerous person like that,
and that dangerous person is trying to go and get his ex wife and kill her and
you have to be, you have it again
caught in the cross fairs with a knife. Right? Yeah. That's terrible. Awful,
horrible, terrible, horrible. Be careful out there.
Kids be kind to each other. I know, but nice.
That's the other thing about the way the world really works.
You have to recognize there are really people like that out there on time.
That's a real thing. Yes. Yes, yes. Yeah.
It is a it, you have to be aware. You can't be naive that there's,
that this stuff doesn't exist. You can't pretend that it's not around now.
Yeah. But how do you, uh, how do you defend against something like that? Right.
If you don't know how to fight and even if you do, if he's do the knife, yeah.
Your back is turned, you know? Yeah. Who knows.
A lot of it's left to chance. Fuck.
It's such a horrible way to leave this world. Someone stabbing, draining out.
Just terrible. Someone's trying to get back and his ex wife stabbing you.
Yeah. You're sitting there and your nice little house.
You're running a comedy club. Just having a nice time. People laughing,
you're managing some other comedians. You, you're making your way.
You've got your wife and your kids you're providing for them and then just,
you've no idea that morning when you wake up and making coffee,
what's headed your way? Horrible.
If you had someone close to you get murdered before?
Um, no, not close to me.
Close to me was Phil Hartman and his wife shot him and then shot right.
Shot herself. Right. It's terrible.
You think there's ever going to be a time, there's no violence, no violence.
We evolved past this [inaudible] to some new thing.
I don't know if we evolve cause there's so many people.
I think it would have evolved not to that. I don't think he would take Ian's.
We're still like, do you think so many parts of yeah,
there's so many parts of the globe are still, you know, way behind.
I think it would have to be like putting the water or something.
Like we'd have to medicate it out of us.
That's a real interesting perspective, right? Because amongst us,
amongst the people that we know,
what are the odds that we could get through this life with no violence?
Like to say if we all, all the people that we knew, we all live together,
I could, I would bet a lot
of money. Nobody would murder anybody.
[inaudible] so what happens when you get from that to large groups of people and
then you get to large groups of people,
like you're talking about Kurgastan where one out of fight women gets fucking
kidnapped. That's how marriages get started. Yeah.
They're wild and out there to live in crazy. Yeah.
Or a karate Haraj would,
what does that one city that I'm in a,
there's one city in Pakistan. Is it Karachi? What does that city,
why can't I remember the name that uh, is that it is,
that was one of the cities that I'm uh,
Shane Smith from vice was saying was one of the most terrifying places on earth
because the, the, the sheer cheapness of murder,
how cheap it is to get someone murdered and how much murder and crime goes on
over there. Just a totally different metric for how you view the world.
Totally different perception of what life is worth and what life is like and
what kind of violence you have to deal with on a daily basis.
I know there's a lot of very dark places. That's why I don't like to travel.
You don't like to travel at all? I do like to travel, but I don't,
I'm starting to cross off a bunch of places that to sketch, you know,
between getting parasites that make you have to poop in a bag and send to your
doctor or anything up in like real violent places that don't have the same kind
of uh, rules that we do. It's, you know,
my friend Justin wren who runs a fight for the forgotten charity,
he was just wearing a shirt at the beach yesterday. Awesome. Best guy ever.
Yeah.
He has a new intestinal parasite that's draining him and he doesn't know what
the fuck. Oh yeah, yeah.
He's got something that he'd caught when he was over there. No,
that's what I'm afraid of. He's really sick. Easy. Really? Yeah.
He's really just going to be okay. I don't know.
They're going to have to hopefully identify it.
They have to figure out what it is.
Figure out how he got it figured out what's going on. It's no joke.
What happened in the Dominican Republic, didn't they?
People died because they were drinking from the mini bars. You hear that story?
Yes. Yes. Last sketch.
They were saying that people were putting stuff in the minibar that wasn't
actually alcohol. Yeah.
The story that I had heard was that they would put cheap substitutes for
whatever the alcohol was supposed to be so that people would, uh,
pay for it and then, you know, they would steal the actual liquor,
replace it with something else,
and then people would drink and it was like poisonous and they were dying.
People really die now. That's terrible. I hope he's,
I don't know what the actual story was,
but somebody else described it saying like,
one thing is you concentrate on statistics, and I don't know if this is true,
we should find out, but if you concentrate on statistics,
and it seems like a lot of people die in the Dominican Republic when they were
over there.
But the reality is that it's just the way we're looking at it because we've
chosen to start focusing on people die over there.
But in fact it's like commensurate with people that die over here when they're
on vacation. Right. But
[inaudible]
that is really only a certain number go to that resort, you know what I mean?
In a year one resort. I believe it was. Yeah, I think so. Well,
a lot of people go to the Dominican. Not now,
but a lot of people I there last year. Yeah.
So would you go back after all this? No. First of all,
I saw a story about a couple that went there and got hookworm in their feet from
the beach that I was already like, maybe I'm not going back.
And now that you can't even drink from the Minibar, I'm like, you know what?
There's nice places in Laguna beach. Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. Look,
going up.
Did you know that hookworms responses to beach hookworms responsible for the,
um,
the stereotype of the southern dummy? No. Yeah.
What do you mean people walking around the south barefoot?
We're getting hookworm and mass and hookworm has a detrimental effect on your
ability to think. Ah, yeah.
It really compromises your mental ability. It makes you dumber.
So like the trope of like a hillbilly walking oriel. Yup. Yeah. Oh,
weird. Yeah.
Yep. Did we find out about that from Peter Hotez is that who told us that?
And I had a beard. How a worm gave the south a bad name.
Oh my God. Hookworms whatsapp.
The American south of it's health and few realize that they continue to afflict
millions.
Jeez. Ah, you look so creepy. It fucks with the way you think. Ah,
makes you tired. The fatigue.
Yeah, it's [inaudible] or exhaustion. Listen,
this week's later victims to come to an insatiable exhaustion and impenetrable
haziness of the mind that some called stupidity adults neglected their fields
and children grew pale and listless victims developed grossly distended bellies
and angel wings.
Amazing aided shoulder blades accentuated by hunching all gazed out Delhi from
sunken sockets with a tail tail, fish eyes stare.
That is the stereotype of people from the south and we just always thought they
were just living in hot weather and they're just stupid.
What it really was was worm was fucking hookworm and none.
Amazing. This podcast started off, we were having describe,
we were talking about looking at you though.
The culprit behind the germ of laziness as the south affliction was sometimes
called,
was Netcom tour Americanas the American murderer better known as the hookworm.
It's called the American murder. Are they still out there?
Millions of those blood-sucking parasites lived fed. Yeah, for sure.
And died within the guts of up to 40% of the population stretching from
southeastern Texas to West Virginia.
Can you imagine 40% of the population of the south and these places from Texas
to West Virginia was infected.
40% of the population with a fucking worm. That makes you dumb.
I'm never going anywhere ever again. Incredible. That's this. That's insane.
But that's what the stereotype came from. Wow. How wild. Fucking crazy.
That's insane.
You know how many people are getting right now getting Lyme disease and Lyme
disease, all that doesn't make you lazy. It's wrecks.
Your health devastates your health for years. Yep, Yep, sure.
This happening right now in the east coast, it's, it's all over these,
cause my kids were back there working on a farm over the,
over the summer and my daughter had a tick on her. We freaked out.
[inaudible] it should freak out.
You got to get it off as okay for 24 hours and you know, but you also,
if you do get infected, you have to get on antibiotics really quickly,
super fast. There's a woman who wrote about
a book about um,
Lyme disease possibly being a military biological weapon that accidentally was
released. Really? Yeah.
Apparently this is a popular thought that there's something about Lyme disease
that Lyme disease doesn't necessarily make sense how quickly it came from this
one area like this Lyme,
Connecticut area and how rapidly it spread and how devastating its impact was.
And there is apparently there's has been some research that's been done about
not some,
quite a bit of research has done on various biological weapons and various
distribution methods.
And one of the thoughts of a lot of these distribution methods is a infecting
bugs affecting bugs with some designer disease and then infecting the
population. Like,
if you release the bugs on this area that you wanted to attack,
like at a certain point in time and you infected giants chunks of the
population,
then you would be able to go back there 10 years later and everybody would be
fucked. Wow. Yeah. But this,
this is something that biological diseases, whether it's anthrax,
like things along those lines, they are terrifying,
but they've made those forever. You know, they'd be,
they've had that and people been aware of that forever.
But the idea of it being something that's in a bug and they can infect.
Geez Louise. That's terrifying. Yeah. Are you trying to make it,
are you trying to make it that I don't go out of my house trying to freak you
out? No, it's weird that it's, I mean, we,
I don't remember being around when we were getting around east coast and I think
it took a while for anybody to figure out what the fuck it was. Um,
how about the new mosquitoes that we have? Yes. Well, there's also,
we never had these mosquitoes before.
There's a recent case of a horrible disease breaking out in the east coast.
I think somewhere in Massachusetts. There are some, uh,
horrible mosquito borne disease. What did that,
what does that a thing say about the techs? About Lyme disease? What is the book
called? Bitten. Yes.
Bitten Chris. Newbie K with k. R I. S. Chris. Is that a man or a woman?
It's a woman, I believe. Yes.
She discovered circumstantial evidence liking the outbreak of Lyme disease in
the 1960s the u s military send people to say, this is bullshit,
but some people say it's just a conspiracy theory
who's some people put up the articles so we can see it.
It's the middle of the key. Give me a, spread it out so I can see it.
Scroll down. Okay. The Dod, go back up. Stop.
The dod takes extreme care involvements,
research programs to ensure the protection of our personnel and the community.
What does that, when Smith announced his amendment, okay, this is just too much.
There says a,
there's just too much evidence for a reasonable man or woman to just turn the
page and say, put on your tinfoil hat. This is just a conspiracy theory.
Smith said, and yet people with credentials will say that.
Which begs the question, why would they even say that?
Chris Newbie wrote the book.
Bitton said she discovered circumstantial evidence linking the outbreak of Lyme
disease in the 1960s that's what you said from the u s military as proof new,
besides an interview that she had stopped right there with will Burgdorfer
American scientist who discovered what causes Lyme disease,
who told her shortly before his death that he had been instructed to keep his
research and a possible cause for Lyme disease. A secret.
My hypothesis was is that the biological weapon,
they were trying to cover up that, oh,
my hypothesis is that was the biological weapon they were trying to cover up
said Newbie, a science writer at the Stanford School of Medicine in California.
I don't believe it.
Hmm? It seems like a lot of Malarkey. She said,
I can't connect the dots right now. Says me. Who survived Lyme disease.
My theory is that it was a genetically engineered.
Rick kept c a bacteria, but as a journalist,
I can't prove that. So when she saying then
she's just pulling stuff out. She wrote a book. Yeah. Yeah. I ain't buying it,
but that's not to say that that does worry me more than anything.
I think she's a hoser. I don't know her personally,
but if you had to guess probably, but I think that a, it's your bread.
Yeah. I would never give her my bread. Ah,
that scares me more than anything though. Play a plague of some sort.
I always feel like we should be keeping some medicine in the house.
Plagued medicine. Yeah. I don't know.
Tetracycline duck good for plague. I don't know
what to take something. What the hell could be good for plaque?
Depends what the plague is willing. If it's the flu,
there's certain things you can take. If it's not, it's crazy.
War bugs probably nothing,
but there's so many people and it's so gross and you could see how people just
coughing in the airports without covering their mouths. That's going to happen.
There's a story I was reading this morning,
morning, Jamie, about mosquito borne illness in
some new, some like legionnaires' disease type. Jeez.
We have these nasty mosquitoes here in Los Angeles.
We're not supposed to have them. These mosquitoes around your neighborhood?
Yeah, they have a near my house,
my now sometimes neighbors don't take care of their pool. I know that's bad.
It is bad. They were saying, I read an article about it.
They said even like a crumpled up chip bag filled with it gets, yeah,
it gets water from a sprinkler. That's enough. It's crazy.
And there are these black and white little guys and they just shoot them and
they go from your knee down dirty a little bit. They're nasty.
We never had screens before in my house.
When I first moved to La I a rented house that someone had a pool in the
backyard that they didn't take care of really like really bad. When I got there,
the pool was green, the water was green, and there was things swimming in it.
Ah. I was like, what the fuck is that? It was mosquito larva. Oh my God. Yeah.
Yeah. See, so I had a contactable, here it is.
Massachusetts confirmed human case of mosquito borne virus.
First human case since 2013 of e e what is that?
See you scroll, Scroll down so we can read that.
Equine Encephalitis, that's horse. That's horse stuff.
The first human case since 2013 at least nine towns are critical risk of
exposure to a rare but potentially fatal virus can cause brain swelling.
How come on? According to the Massachusetts Department of Public Health,
Fuck Dude. I remember when I was a kid, um,
me and this check made out in the woods and wound up taking her pants off and
stuff and I got fucking lit up by mosquitoes.
So bad. We had to stop fooling around. I was like, this is crazy. I mean,
I had welts all over my leg. That was crazy. I was like, Jesus,
what happens if you try to pull around the woods? Some shit.
Meet in beds, terrible cold areas.
The mosquitoes are way more aggressive. Yes, I know the whole east coast, Maine,
forget it. Oh, Maine is, Janet is worst. Rudel.
I've never seen mosquitoes like Alaska though.
Last is heaters are fucking bonkers. Are they big?
They're huge and they're super aggressive. They don't have any time.
They come in and they move in quick and just swarm on. This is what happens.
This is why I'm so aggravated in La. We were, we didn't have this.
We did. It did not exist until a year ago. I think it's your neighbor.
You got a neighbor with them. You don't have them by your house.
Really saw bobcat fight with a rattlesnake though. See that?
I can handle my buddy sent me a video,
which you see in the middle of the street with a rattlesnake on Twitter. Oh,
was it on Twitter? Who put it on Twitter?
My buddy got it from his neighbor who saw it happen. Oh Wow. Yeah.
Pull the one up. Maybe the same one versus a rattlesnake. Yeah.
That's a good fight. You didn't admit the brown snakes.
A big fucking rattlesnake to bobcat's trying to eat it hard out there. It's,
it's hard out there. I know. That's why the coyote is your eating cats. Yeah.
They'll just take whatever they can get. I know everyone's hungry. It's hot.
You got to get through this month. But the thing about it,
coyotes and cats,
I think we can relay this to the thing about bears and deers that we're talking
about New Jersey.
You don't want all the bears dead because then there'll be so many fucking
dears. It'd be slamming into him with your cars. Right?
You want some of them alive? It's called management. Yes.
And you gotta manage the fucking deer too. To think about the deer too.
That's particularly offensive is a, you know, when people like, uh, well,
you know, there's too many deer. What do we do? Um, they're made out of food.
Yeah. You know, shoot them and eat them. They're fucking delicious.
So my brother-in-law does, does he? Yeah. He gets two or three,
get some put in the freezer. And that's their meat for the year in New Jersey.
What do you got, Jamie? Yup. That's it. That's it. Look at this. Whoa.
Look at that motherfucker. Oh Bitch. The fuck. Oh Man.
Um, e bitch, I'm going to fucking eat. Yeah, he's trying to eat him.
He's trying to bite him. We got got him. Dang. That doesn't look good.
That cat is God damn quick. He got him tried to bite him. Yeah.
He didn't let it, but we get it. His moves. He's so relentless too. Yeah.
It keeps going back out of it. Jeez. It's hard out here in the west.
Yeah. [inaudible] rattlesnake.
Yeah, it's tough. There's a lot of nastiness going on.
It's the wild wild west singer I was telling you about.
Got Bit in the foot [inaudible] across the country. My Posner is fucked up,
right? Yeah. Can't walk for weeks. He's got to like relearn how to walk.
What from being bit by rattler.
It really hurt you. Bad Man Chaise. There's a lot of them out here.
They can cause your, um, your tissue to deteriorate.
He caused neck cropsey causes like the death of tissue,
like where we got bite is especially, you don't get it treated really quickly.
I've seen a guy who, uh, I was looking at this picture online,
this guy got bit and wound up going to the hospital and his cane had rotted
away. Where the bone was exposed. Ah, yeah. For how long?
How much time? I don't know. I don't know.
But he had a ton of skin grafts and operations to try to repair the area.
Oh my God. Terrible. Jeez. Terrible, terrible stuff.
Right. So don't go to the south. Yep. Don't go to Dominican Republic.
Don't go to Kazic stand. Don't go overseas. Don't go in the woods.
But do go to Netflix radio seven in the morning.
Listen to Tom Papa for what? A joke. I'll do. We, if you want,
well we'll talk about it. But if you ever want to do this show here,
every one of them doing the afternoon for me. Yeah, of course. Yeah,
we'll do a whole thing. I feel like a diva. Well you are. People are,
I've got to work. No, you fucking go to work at, well that's the funny thing.
I was complaining about the hours. I'm like, I'm on the clock til nine.
My brother-in-law's like, dude, I wake up at five 30 I drive an hour to work.
I'm there till six at night and then I drive two hours home. So Boo Hoo.
And I get to go hang out and talk with Jerry Seinfeld for an hour. Woof,
woof. Ridiculous woof. We don't work that hard. No, we do not work that hard.
Um, shout out to Tom Poppo. Thanks for bringing me in. My pleasure brother.
Hook you up with some elk after this. Yeah, that'd be awesome.
Thank you so much. And yeah, any dates coming up? Want to tell anybody?
I go to Tom papa.com I'm coming out in a couple of weeks.
It all starts up again. Come to Papa, come to pop up podcast.
And then this new one that's a Netflix radio. What is it called? Netflix radio.
What a joke on Netflix radio. And it's on seven in the morning.
How many days a week? Four days a week. Your runs?
Seven to nine and a m two to four. Okay.
Out here. Thank you. Tom. Pablo, you're the best. You my friend. Oh,
you're the best. I love coming in. I love having you buddy. See Ya.
Okay.